<doc id="13694973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13694973" title="Kewego">
Kewego

"Kewego" was a video platform provider website. The company is based in Paris, France. In early 2011, KIT digital purchased Kewego. Clients include brands such as Orange, Ebay, Lycos, M6, and L'Equipe. Kewego also operates its own branded video sharing sites such as www.mykewego.com, www.mykewego.fr www.mykewego.co.uk, and so on.
Kewego was founded by Michel Meyer and Olivier Heckmann, two French entrepreneurs. They founded Multimania in 1995, which they subsequently floated on the French New Market at the Paris bourse in March 2000. It was later sold to Lycos for 220m Euros. Meyer and Heckmann then founded PulseVision in 2003, which was renamed Kewego in 2006.
The Kewego video platform is a white label video hosting platform. Kewego provides all software, hardware and bandwidth necessary to operate a video portal. Videos are converted to Flash Video format and the platform is provided with a branded Flash Video Player.
Kewego also offers a viral video placement/seeding service.

</doc>
<doc id="13696446" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13696446" title="Behr GmbH &amp; Co. KG">
Behr GmbH &amp; Co. KG

Mahle Behr GmbH & Co. KG is a German corporation active in the automobile industry, headquartered in Stuttgart-Feuerbach. It is a specialist for automotive air conditioning and engine cooling systems. In 2006 group sales was €3.2 billion and it employed 18,600 staff.
Mahle Behr has major U.S. operations in Troy, Michigan, Dayton, Ohio (Behr Dayton Thermal Products), Charleston, South Carolina, Fort Worth, Texas.

</doc>
<doc id="13696846" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13696846" title="Larry Flynt Publications">
Larry Flynt Publications

Larry Flynt Publications, or LFP, Inc., runs the adult entertainment empire founded by Larry Flynt. Founded in 1976, two years after Flynt began publishing "Hustler" magazine, LFP was originally to serve as the parent company of this magazine.
In March 1972, Flynt created the "Hustler Newsletter," a four-page, black-and-white publication of information about his clubs. This item became so popular with his customers that by May 1972 he expanded the Hustler Newsletter to 16 pages and in August 1973, to 32 pages. As a result of the 1973 oil crisis the United States entered an economic recession; Hustler Club customers tightened their spending and Flynt had to find financing to pay his debts or go bankrupt. He decided to turn the "Hustler Newsletter" into a national sexually explicit magazine. He paid the start-up costs of the new magazine using sales taxes collected in the clubs. In July 1974, the first issue of "Hustler" was published. Although the first few issues went largely unnoticed, within a year it became highly lucrative and he was able to pay his tax debts. The magazine struggled for the first year, partly because many distributors and wholesalers refused to handle it as its nude photos became increasingly graphic. It targeted working-class men and grew from a shaky start to a peak circulation of around 3 million (current circulation is below 500,000). In November 1974, Hustler showed the first "pink-shots," or photos of open vaginas. Flynt had to fight to publish each issue as many people, including his distribution company, found the magazine too sexually explicit and threatened to have it removed from the market. Shortly thereafter, Flynt was approached by a paparazzo who had taken nude pictures of former First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis while she was sunbathing on vacation in 1971. He purchased them for $18,000 and published them in the August 1975 issue. That issue attracted widespread attention, and one million copies were sold within a few days. Now a millionaire, he bought a $375,000 (1976 dollars) mansion.
After 1976, Larry Flynt Publications expanded to include many pornographic magazines as well as mainstream titles under its umbrella. Other pornographic magazines included:
In 1988, Gail Harris, founder and CEO of Falcon Foto created, developed and produced from conception the first niche magazine, Barely Legal, for Larry Flynt Publications; it became one of Flynt's best-selling titles, second only to Hustler Magazine.
The launch of Barely Legal revolutionized the porn industry with 22 copycat titles appearing, as well as format changes in established publications and in the video medium.
Barely Legal is published 13 times per year by Larry Flynt's Larry Flynt Publications, and is sometimes marketed as Hustler Barely Legal. Hustler Video also produces a Barely Legal line of videos. Less frequently, LFP publishes Barely Legal Hardcore magazine, which depicts young women engaging in hardcore sex.
When the market for men's magazines softened in the late 1990s, LFP expanded into production of adult videos through its Hustler Video subsidiary, and moved further into the mainstream publishing market. To accommodate this expansion, the company moved its headquarters to Wilshire Boulevard in Beverly Hills, California, where it remains to this day. It launched a series of special-interest magazines, such as "Camera & Darkroom Photography", "PC Laptop Computers" and "Maternity Fashion & Beauty". 
"RIP Magazine" was a music magazine covering heavy metal. It was the first non-pornographic publication produced by LFP, and was edited by Lonn Friend, who had previously edited "Hustler" and "Chic". Writers included rock journalist, Judy Wieder, Mick Wall, and Andy Secher.
It published 14 bi-monthly issues of "TurboPlay Magazine" (June/July 1990 – August/September 1992) dedicated to covering TurboGrafx-16 and TG-CD hardware and software. It was a spin-off publication of "Video Games & Computer Entertainment" ("VG&CE"), a popular multi-platform gaming magazine of the late 1980s / early 1990s. Every issue of TurboPlay was 32 pages in length and a yearly subscription cost $9.95. L.F.P. published three bi-monthly issues of "DUOWORLD" magazine (July/August 1993 – November/December 1993) before it was canceled. "DuoWorld" was very similar in format to "TurboPlay", but with a focus on the newly released TurboDuo console (i.e. "TurboMail" and "TurboNews" became "DuoMail" and "DuoNews", respectively). 
"Tips & Tricks" (later "Tips & Tricks Codebook") is a video game magazine published by LFP. For most of its existence, the publication was devoted almost exclusively to strategies and codes for popular video games. It began as a spin-off from "VideoGames" magazine, which in itself morphed out of "VideoGames & Computer Entertainment." "VG&CE" and "VideoGames," like "Tips & Tricks", were published by LFP following the purchase of "A.N.A.L.O.G.", "ST-LOG" and other computer magazines from publishers Michael DesChenes & Lee Pappas in the late 1980s.
As the 21st century approached, magazine sales further declined. Together, the company's 31 periodicals had a monthly circulation of between 2.5 and 3 million. This was a far cry from the 1970s, when Hustler alone sold that many copies each month. Because of this LFP focused on turning its magazine and video titles such as "Hustler", "Barely Legal", "Busty Beauties", "Beaver Hunt", and "Asian Fever" into profitable websites.
By 1998, estimates LFP was doing $135 million in annual sales with 51,112 periodicals published and 7,812 movies and or video tapes produced.
Hustler Video is a pornographic film studio owned by LFP. In 2003 Hustler Video bought VCA Pictures, which maintains a separate brand identity within the LFP conglomerate. Hustler Video has produced several top-selling and award-winning films, such as "Snoop Dogg's Doggystyle", "" and "Who's Nailin' Paylin?".
In 2010 when AIDS Healthcare Foundation lodged a complaint against the Hustler Video group for not requiring the actors to wear condoms and thereby contributing to the spread of HIV, Michael H. Klein, the President of LFP responded by saying the company would not back down from shooting raw sex videos.
The Hustler Club is a chain of strip clubs. In 1968, Flynt opened the first Hustler Club which featured semi-clothed girls. One Hustler Club in Dayton quickly lead to a chain of clubs with the same name in Cincinnati, Columbus, Cleveland, Toledo, and Akron. By early 1970, he had eight clubs and 300 employees. In 1974 with profits from "Hustler" magazine far surpassing those of the Hustler Clubs, Flynt decided to get out of the bars business and be a publisher full-time. For close to 30 years the Hustler Club name lay dormant. In the early 2000s (decade), LFP began to license the Hustler Club name for new clubs across the country. Currently there are Hustler Clubs in 6 U.S. states and 3 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="13697699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13697699" title="Banner Health">
Banner Health

Banner Health is a non-profit health system in the United States, based in Phoenix, Arizona. It operates 22 hospitals and several specialized facilities across 6 states. The health system is the largest employer in Arizona and one of the largest in the United States with over 50,000 employees.
The organization provides emergency and hospital care, hospice, long-term/home care, outpatient surgery, labs, rehabilitation services, pharmacies, and primary care. In 2010, it reported assets of $6.4 billion and revenues of $4.9 billion.
Banner Health was created in 1999 through a merger between Lutheran Health Systems, based in North Dakota, and Samaritan Health System, based in Phoenix, Arizona. In 2001, Banner sold its operations in Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, New Mexico, North Dakota and South Dakota, and made its sole headquarters in Phoenix.
Banner also operates a Medicare Advantage insurance plan in the valley referred to as Banner MediSun.
Banner Health has partnered with the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center, one of the original three comprehensive cancer centers in the United States established by the National Cancer Act of 1971, and has built a $90 million cancer center in Gilbert, Arizona. For 2016, MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas was ranked #1 for cancer care in the "Best Hospitals" survey published in "U.S. News & World Report". MD Anderson is widely regarded as among the best cancer hospitals in the United States.
In 2006 Banner Health launched a telemedicine program. The health system determined the telemonitoring saved 34,000 ICU days and close to 2,000 lives in 2013 based on APACHE II predicted length of stay and mortality rates.
In 2015, the Arizona Board of Regents approved a merger between Banner Health and the University of Arizona Health Network (UAHN). This new Banner division, Banner - University Medicine and its employed physician group, Banner - University Medical Group (BUMG) brought Banner Health into the forefront of academic medicine. As part of the deal, the former University of Arizona Medical Center and University of Arizona Medical Center - South Campus, in Tucson, AZ, were renamed Banner - University Medical Center Tucson and Banner - University Medical Center South, respectively. Banner Good Samaritan hospital in Phoenix was also renamed, to Banner - University Medical Center Phoenix, to reflect its new designation as the primary teaching hospital of the University of Arizona College of Medicine - Phoenix. To upgrade the aging infrastructure of all of these facilities, Banner Health pledged nearly $1.5 billion to several major construction projects in Phoenix and Tucson that are currently ongoing.
Banner - University Medical Center Phoenix (formerly Banner Good Samaritan Medical Center, or "Good Sam") is located immediately northeast of downtown Phoenix and is one of the flagship facilities of Banner Health. It is one of three university hospitals operated by Banner Health in conjunction with the University of Arizona Colleges of Medicine in Phoenix and Tucson, with Banner - University Medical Center Tucson and Banner - University Medical Center South (both in Tucson, AZ) being the other two such facilities.
Lulu Clifton, a Deaconess in the Methodist Church from Nebraska, arrived in Phoenix in 1900, against her doctor's advice, to recover from tuberculosis. As she recovered, Clifton saw a need for a hospital in the growing desert town. Clifton, with the help of other prominent Methodists, founded the Arizona Deaconess Hospital in 1911 in a rented apartment building in downtown Phoenix and started a nurse training program. In 1917, the group acquired land on McDowell Road and 10th Street (a remote area of rural Phoenix at the time) for a permanent hospital structure which, after construction was delayed during World War I, opened to the public in 1923. The modern complex sits on the site to this day. The hospital's name was changed to Good Samaritan Hospital in 1928. In 1978, Good Samaritan broke ground for a 12-story, 720 bed hospital tower which opened in 1982. This tower, designed by noted Chicago architect Bertrand Goldberg (best known for his iconic Marina City complex), featured his signature ultra-modern architecture, making the tower a Phoenix architectural icon. The expansion also made Good Samaritan the largest hospital in Arizona to date.
New construction
Banner will invest nearly $1 billion in new clinics and hospital towers in Tucson and Phoenix. Those projects include a $179 million emergency department scheduled to open July 2017, a $239 million patient tower set to open in late 2018, and a $50 million clinical space near the existing BUMCP facility. The 700,000-sq.-ft. Emergency Department and patient tower expansion project includes a three-story podium that accommodates the emergency department relocation, new observation space on the first floor, and new operating rooms and administration on the second floor. The 13-story patient tower will house 256 patient beds as well as two shell floors for future build-out.
The medical center hosts 3rd and 4th year medical students from its major affiliated medical school, the University of Arizona College of Medicine - Phoenix. It is also home to several residency training programs sponsored by the College of Medicine. These include Obstetrics and Gynecology, Internal Medicine, General Surgery, Psychiatry, Orthopaedic Surgery, Family Medicine, Neurology, Medicine/Pediatrics, and Oral Maxillofacial Surgery. A number of fellowship programs are also sponsored. In total, over 300 residents and fellows are based at the facility.
Banner Health partnered with The University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center (based at Texas Medical Center in Houston), consistently one of the two highest-ranked cancer centers by U.S. News & World Report, to build a $100 million cancer center in Gilbert, Arizona at Banner Gateway Medical Center. This facility opened in 2011 and offers outpatient services, including radiation treatment, diagnostic imaging, infusion therapy, cancer-specific clinics and support services. Banner Gateway provides inpatient care such as surgery, interventional radiology, and stem cell transplantation. In March 2014, a 103,000 square feet, $62 million expansion was completed to increase clinic space, infusion bays and radiation oncology facilities. Patients at Banner MD Anderson Cancer Center receive care based on the same protocols and practice standards provided at MD Anderson and benefit from integration with MD Anderson specialists in Houston. The new facilities were designed in collaboration with MD Anderson experts, ensuring state of the art equipment and treatment capabilities are in place. MD Anderson provides clinical direction for the cancer center which is the broadest extension of its services outside Houston.
Banner Health facilities can be found in six states:

</doc>
<doc id="13698316" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13698316" title="Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.">
Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.

Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A. is an Italian luxury goods company, with headquarters in Florence, specializing in shoes, leather goods, and ready-to-wear for men and women. It is the parent company of the Ferragamo Group. The company also licences eyewear and watches.
With about 4,000 employees and a network of over 660 mono-brand stores, the Ferragamo Group runs operations in Italy and worldwide, which provide the brand with a broad footprint in Europe, America and Asia.
Salvatore Ferragamo emigrated from southern Italy to Boston and then California in 1914. He opened the Hollywood Boot Shop in 1923, and made shoes for movie stars such as Joan Crawford and Gloria Swanson, as well as for films such as Cecil B. DeMille's "The Ten Commandments". He returned to Italy and set up a shoe shop in Florence in 1927. However, the modern shoemaking company regards 1928 as the date of its foundation and so celebrated its 80th anniversary in 2008. Salvatore filed for bankruptcy in 1933, during the Great Depression, but by 1938 he was in a position to buy the Palazzo Spini Feroni, one of the great palaces of Florence, which now houses the company's flagship store and a museum dedicated to Ferragamo's life and work.
The company flourished after World War II, expanding the workforce to 700 craftsmen producing 350 pairs of hand-made shoes a day. After Salvatore's death in 1960, his widow Wanda took over the running of the business and expanded its operations to include eyewear, perfume, belts, scarves, bags, watches, and a ready to wear clothing line.
The company is currently owned by the Ferragamo family, which in November 2006 included Salvatore's widow Wanda, five children, 23 grandchildren and other relatives. There is a rule that only 3 members of the family can work at the company, prompting fierce competition. To ease these tensions, in September 2006, the family announced a plan to float 48% of the company on the stock market, and since October 2006 Michele Norsa has served as managing and general director. However, as of January 2008, this plan may be on put on hold in the midst of the downturn in the financial market. If the listing on the stock market proceeds, the fund will be directed primarily towards building its positions in China. The company is holding its 80th birthday exhibition in Shanghai.
In 2011 the company was listed on the stock exchange.
For the fiscal year 2015, Salvatore Ferragamo reported preliminary consolidated revenues of 1,430 million euros. As of December 31, 2015, the Salvatore Ferragamo Group's retail network consisted of 391 directly operated stores (DOS), while the wholesale and travel retail channel included 271 third party operated stores (TPOS), as well as presence in major department stores and high-end multi-brand specialty stores.
On August 2, 2016 Eraldo Poletto was appointed as new CEO of the group.
Throughout its history, the company has been known for innovative designs and use of materials. Such ingenuity goes back to Salvatore's time in California, when he studied anatomy to make shoes which were more comfortable. Notable innovations include the wedge heel, the shell-shaped sole, the ‘invisible’ sandal, metal heels and soles, the 18-carat gold sandal, the sock-shoe, sculpture heels, and the gloved arch shoe created for the Maharani of Cooch Behar in 1938. Metal-reinforced stiletto heels were made famous by Marilyn Monroe. The company is also known for the ‘Gancini’ decoration, the ‘Vara’ patent ballet pump, the Salvatore bag and the use of patchwork. It makes also eyewear and watches in partnership with Marchon and Timex Group.
Salvatore worked with film stars and celebrities from his earliest days in Hollywood. Clients over the years included Audrey Hepburn, Sophia Loren and Greta Garbo, as well as Andy Warhol, Grace Mugabe and Diana, Princess of Wales. The company made Margaret Thatcher's famous handbags and for King Jigme Khesar Namgyal Wangchuck during the coronation on November 6, 2008 in Thimpu, Bhutan.

</doc>
<doc id="13698320" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13698320" title="ING Bank Śląski">
ING Bank Śląski

ING Bank Śląski S.A. (ING BSK) is a Polish bank based in Katowice. The majority owner is ING Group.
The bank was established as Bank Śląski in 1988 as a result of the separation from the National Bank of Poland. In 1991, it was transformed from a state bank into a limited company and in 1994 it debuted on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. Since 1996, the bank's majority shareholder is the Dutch ING Group. In 2001 Bank Śląski merged with ING Bank N.V. Branch in Warsaw. Since then, the bank is operating under the name of "ING Bank Śląski". On April 4, 2016 the Supervisory Board appointed Brunon Bartkiewicz as the President of the Management Board.
The name 'Bank Śląski' is Polish for 'Silesian Bank'.

</doc>
<doc id="13698358" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13698358" title="E-CO Energi">
E-CO Energi

E-CO Energi is a Norwegian power company and after Statkraft the second largest producer of electricity in Norway.
E-CO is wholly owned by the City of Oslo. Operations are divided into E-CO Vannkraft, E-CO Norne and Oslo Lysverker. E-CO also holds partial ownership of Oppland Energi, Opplandskraft, Øvre Otta, Vinstra Kraftselskap, Embretsfosskraftverkene and Norsk Grønnkraft. Total annual production is 9.7 TWh.
E-CO has its own production plants in Aurland, Hallingdal and Nedre Glomma. Partially owned plants are located throughout Southern Norway, with main focus on Oppland, Hedmark and Buskerud. All in all E-CO owns, operates wholly and partially, more than 70 hydroelectric power plants, including the third largest in Norway, Aurland 1. E-CO is also the largest owner of the Øvre Otta construction, that is one of the most extensive in Norway in later years.
Christiania Elektricitetesværk was founded in 1892, with Hammeren power plant in Maridalen in Oslo opening a few years later. The hydro power production increased considerably from the 1920s until 1989 under the name Oslo Lysverker, including the construction of the power plants in Hallingdal and Vinstra in Gudbrandsdalen. In 1991, Oslo Lysverker changed its name to Oslo Energi, and was then split into two divisions: Oslo Energi Nett (later Viken Nett, now part of Hafslund) that operated the power grid and Oslo Energi Holding. The later sold the end-user sale company and thus the brand name in 2001. Thereafter the company changed its name to E-CO Energi. This resulted in a focus on hydro power production, followed by purchases in the Buskerud Kraftproduksjon and Oppland Energi power companies. E-CO has since continued to develop hydro power production in both new and existing regulations.

</doc>
<doc id="13698479" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13698479" title="Backus and Johnston Brewery">
Backus and Johnston Brewery

Backus and Johnston () is the largest brewery in Peru, part of Bavaria Brewery, which itself is part of the international SABMiller group. Its main brewery is located in the Ate District of Lima. Backus, as owner of almost all brands of beer available in Peru, enjoys a "de facto" monopoly over Peruvian beer consumption, although recently a lot of micro-breweries have sprung up and Anheuser-Busch InBev from Brazil is trying to challenge the monopoly with their "Brahma" brand. Besides beer, Backus also produces soft drinks and bottled water.
The Backus and Johnston brewery was founded in 1879 by the Americans Jacob Backus and John Howard Johnston in the Rímac District in Lima. In 1889, the two founders incorporated "The Backus and Johnston's Brewery Company Ltd" in London, and they transferred all their Peruvian brewery related assets to this new corporation in order to raise investment capital in the joint stock of London to continue their business growth. The founders continued as managing directors of the company until 1898 when Johnston left Peru; Backus died in 1899. The company operated as a British corporation until 1954, when the company management transferred the company assets and incorporation to Peru. At this time, The Backus and Johnston's Brewery Company Ltd was renamed as Cervecería Backus & Johnston S.A. In 1994 Backus and Johnston acquired a controlling interest in its rival on the Peruvian beer market, the National Beer Company (Compañía Nacional de Cerveza S.A.), formed in 1863; owner of the "Pilsen Callao" brand. In 1996 four breweries, including Backus and Johnston merged into one new company using the name Union of Peruvian breweries Backus and Johnston (). In 2000 the company further expanded when the Brewery Company of Southern Peru (Cervesur) joined the union, making it owner of the popular "Cusqueña" brand. Since 2005 Backus and Johnston is part of the SABMiller group of breweries. The company still owns the prominently visible brewery in the Rímac district.
Backus owns breweries in various parts of Peru. Its main brewery is located in Lima, while the other breweries are still located in the parts of Peru they used to serve before the take-over by Backus and Johnston.
Backus and Johnston and Grupo Empresarial Bavaria own most of the popular beer brands in Peru, including: "San Juan", a 5% abv pale lager. San Juan is brewed in the Backus brewery located in Pucallpa. Before the take-over by Backus, San Juan was brewed by Cervecería San Juan S.A.A. This brewery was founded on 2 September 1971 in Pucallpa in the Ucayali Region and named after San Juan Bautista.
"Arequipeña" was a rival product to Cusqueña and Cristal until the take-over by Grupo Empresarial Bavaria. "Arequipeña" is brewed in the Cervecera del sur del Peru brewery located in Sacha near Arequipa, Peru. Barena; Cristal
"Cusqueña" is a light lager, or a dark malted beer. Some label designs were created by Barry Laughlin.
Backus and Johnston also has a license to import Birra Peroni Nastro Azzurro in Peru.
The soft drinks owned by Backus include "Viva", a beverage similar to Inca Kola and "Guaraná", a beverage containing guaraná fruit.
Bottled water is produced under the brand names Cristalina Backus and San Mateo.
[[Category:SABMiller]]
[[Category:Beer in Peru]]
[[Category:Drink companies of Peru]]
[[Category:Peruvian brands]]

</doc>
<doc id="13698939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13698939" title="Canica">
Canica

Canica is a private holding company, based in Oslo, Norway, created to own the RIMI grocery store chain, owned by Stein Erik Hagen (10%) and his three children Caroline Marie Hagen, Carl Erik Hagen and Nina Camilla Hagen (30% each). The company is the largest owner of Orkla (17.4%), Jernia (100%), Komplett (56.21%), Ignis and Steen & Strøm (49.9%). The company was founded in 1985 to own the RIMI grocery store chain that Hagen had started. This was sold to ICA in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="13699002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699002" title="Smart &amp; Final">
Smart &amp; Final

Smart & Final is a chain of warehouse-style food and supply stores based in Commerce, California, which developed through a series of mergers and expansions. The oldest of the combined companies, Hellman-Haas Grocery, was founded in 1871 in Los Angeles. The company has expanded to over 250 stores in the Western United States and northern Mexico. While Smart & Final stores target both the food-service and household markets, the company also operates Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice stores, which markets to foodservice professionals.
Founded in 1871, by Herman W. Hellman (brother of Isaias W. Hellman), Jacob Haas and Bernard Cohn, as Hellman-Haas Grocery Co. Purchased by Abraham Haas (the original owner of the Haas Building in Downtown Los Angeles) and Jacob Baruch, and renamed Haas, Baruch & Co in 1889. By 1895, following introduction of one of the first private label store brands, Iris, the grocer's sales reached $2 million. The business continued to expand with Southern California's growing population for the next two decades.
Founded in 1912, the Santa Ana Grocery Company mainly supplied feed and grain to local farmers. In 1914, J. S. "Jim" Smart, a banker from Saginaw, Michigan, and H. D. "Hildane" Final bought the company and changed the name to Smart & Final Wholesale Grocers. From 1876 to 1913, Jim Smart had been involved with several wholesale grocers in the greater Saginaw area, including Lee, Cady & Smart and Smart & Symons with his brother-in-law, J. W. Symons of Symons Brothers. By 1919, annual sales for Smart & Final had reached $10 million. During the fierce competition among expanding grocers in the 1920s, the company introduced a self-serve concept to replace reliance on clerks to fetch goods. This was called "cash and carry."
In 1953, Smart & Final merged with Haas, Baruch & Co. The current organization is the result of several further mergers, one acquisition (by Thriftimart in 1984), and one spin-off and public offering (1991). The stores in Mexico are operated under a joint venture with Calimax, a major grocery store chain in northwest Mexico.
In 1998, it acquired Portland, Oregon-based United Grocers Cash & Carry, which was renamed Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice. These stores are concentrated in the Pacific Northwest. In 2007, Smart & Final acquired 35 Henry's Farmers Markets in California and Sun Harvest Markets in Texas for about $166 million. In 2007, the company was acquired by Apollo Global Management.
In March 2010, Smart & Final announced it would expand into the Colorado market under the SmartCo Foods brand, taking over five former Albertsons locations in the Denver metro area with plans for dozens more stores in the coming years. SmartCo stores differed from typical Smart & Final locations in that they were significantly larger and included produce, meat, and bakery departments, as well as a large selection of natural and organic foods. In June 2010, the first SmartCo Foods store opened on Parker Road in Denver, and was said to be tailored for the Colorado market.
In November 2010, only five months after the chain's grand opening, SmartCo Foods announced that it was exiting the Denver market and closing all five of its stores. SmartCo Foods attributed its hasty exit from Denver to poor performance chain-wide without any hope for improvement. However, the withdrawal may have also been partially due to negotiations resulting in the February 2011 acquisition of the Sprouts Farmers Market which had 9 locations in Colorado. The Sprouts chain absorbed the Henry's and Sun Harvest chains to form a new group of over 100 markets in Arizona, California, Colorado, and Texas.
In 2012, Apollo sold its stake in Smart & Final to Ares Management. Smart & Final went public in 2014.
In 2015, Smart & Final purchased the leases on 32 locations previously operated by Haggen Food & Pharmacy.

</doc>
<doc id="13699302" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699302" title="FHB Mortgage Bank">
FHB Mortgage Bank

FHB Mortgage Bank is Hungary's largest mortgage re-financer. Formerly state-owned, it was floated on the stock market in 2003, and the government sold its remaining A shares in 2007. As of 17 August 2011, FHB Mortgage Bank Co. Plc. has market capitalization of US$232.4 million.

</doc>
<doc id="13699557" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699557" title="Steen &amp; Strøm">
Steen &amp; Strøm

Steen & Strøm is a Scandinavian retail and real estate company that owns and operates 52 shopping centres in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. In 2006 the shopping centers had 3,300 lessees with total revenue of about NOK 40 billion.
The company was founded in 1797 when Samuel Strøm started a wine shop and general store in Oslo. When he died in 1818, the store was taken over by his widow Else Strøm, then their common son Christian Strøm in 1829. In 1856 Strøm, shortly before his death, passed it on to his nephew and adoptive son Samuel Strøm, Jr. and the husband of his adoptive daughter Emil Steen. The name Steen & Strøm was then established. Samuel Strøm, Jr. died in 1876, and Emil Steen brought the widow Augusta Strøm on board as partner. In 1884 the next generation took over, with Christian Steen, Johan Steen and Christian Strøm, Jr. as partners. The next generation after that entered the company with Erling Steen and Eyvind Strøm in 1914; and Nils Steen in 1919. The three took over the company in the 1930s. Another family member Emil Steen was just a board member, but his son Christian Steen became chief executive in 1964.
In 1874 the company built the first department store in Norway, but it was destroyed in a fire in 1929. By 1930 a brand new store had been rebuilt, with architectural inspiration from Paris. In 1991 Agora Drift AS took over the management of Steen & Strøm, as well as five other shopping centres and three hotels, and started expanding.
In July 1994 the company was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, but delisted again in September 2007 after Stein Erik Hagen had bought out the other owners, at the time Canica (49,9%), Storebrand (12.9%), Orkla (10.3%), Stein Erik Hagen (5.9%) and Varner-Gruppen (5.5%). In 2008 the company was sold for NOK 21.9 billion to Klépierre (56.1%) and ABP Pension Fund (43.9%).

</doc>
<doc id="13699772" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699772" title="MKB Bank">
MKB Bank

MKB Bank (formerly "Magyar Külkereskedelmi Bank" (Hungarian Foreign Trade Bank)) is the fourth-biggest commercial bank in Hungary. Its privatisation started in 1994, when BayernLB purchased a minority stake. Hungarian government bought it back in 2014.
The MKB Bank is the main sponsor of the MKB Veszprém handball club.

</doc>
<doc id="13699885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699885" title="CGC Japan">
CGC Japan

Group scale (October, 2007)

</doc>
<doc id="13699915" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699915" title="Micro-Vett">
Micro-Vett

Micro-Vett is an Italian company manufacturing electric vehicles.
Micro-Vett was founded in 1986 in Voltana di Lugo (RA) by three shareholders including Mr. Galli and Mr. Giacomoni. A new four-wheels electric vehicle, similar to current quadricycles, the Lady, is developed and built from scratch.
Starting from 1989 Coop. Car, a cooperative from Imola gradually acquired Micro-Vett shares becoming majority shareholder and transferring the headquarters in Imola. At that time, the management understood the difficulties related to the manufacturing of vehicle body and decided to focus solely on electrification components. Consequently, Micro-Vett started a partnership with Bedford for the electrification of Rascal, a small van for people and goods delivery, which is manufactured in several tens of units.
In 1991 after bankruptcy of the parent company Coop. Car, even Micro-Vett was declared bankrupted and, after a brief period of inactivity, it was taken over by Mr. Gaetano Di Gioia, already manager of his buy out by Coop. Car.
The company from Imola continues the production of Rascal, but, given the lack of involvement of the vehicle manufacturer, approached Piaggio with which, starting from 1994, launches a collaboration for the electrification of Porter.
This vehicle, thanks to purchasing incentives, meets a great success in the Italian market and it’s manufactured from 1994 to 2003 in about 5,000 units. The lead-acid batteries provide a range of 60 km and a top speed of 65 km/h. Piaggio delivers the vehicles without endothermic engine to Micro-Vett and here they’re converted into electric. The sale of the complete vehicle is done in almost all cases directly by Piaggio.
During this period the company took part in many sport events for electric vehicles, including the 24 hours of Turin and the Monte-Carlo Rally for alternative energies propelled vehicles, by winning prestigious results.
Starting from the end of the 1990s, once the technology of Zebra batteries, which can provide a energy density about four times than lead-acid batteries, has become available, Micro-Vett manufactured many prototypes including Eurocargo in association with Iveco and different units of Porter with long range.
Since 2001 Micro-Vett fleet is expanded with the introduction of electric Daily and Ydea, a quadricycle made by Casalini. However the high cost of Zebra batteries severely limits the market penetration that is still dominated, in terms of Micro-Vett sales, by Piaggio Porter.
Another vehicle that takes up a prominent place in Micro-Vett range is the Daily in bimodal version, manufactured since 2004. By placing an electric motor on the shaft, the vehicle can be driven both by diesel engine both by electric motor, ensuring a unique flexibility of use. Battery recharge occurs both from electrical grid both when the vehicle is driven by the diesel engine. This project is shown to Iveco which, however, is not interested in. So Micro-Vett directly markets this vehicle with a sales volume from 2004 to 2011 of approximately 600 units.
The appearance of the first lithium batteries for automotive use manufactured in China at low cost since 2005, pushed Micro-Vett to test this technology making perhaps the first European prototypes of motor vehicle equipped with this technology.
The company begun the manufacturing of FIAT Doblò in electric version. This vehicle too was sold directly by Micro-Vett to final customers, because the transformation was not explicitly supported by FIAT. The new batteries guarantee a range up to 150 km, but have some security issues, pushing Micro-Vett to test different suppliers, to finally focus on two manufacturers from South Korea.
In 2009 Micro-Vett started the production of electric Fiorino and Qubo that meet a good market success is Italy and Europe; in fact, since 2007 the company creates a network of European and extra-European dealers. The main markets are France, Germany, Norway, the Netherlands and Spain, but many vehicles are also sold in Russia, Hong Kong, Finland and Baltic countries.
In 2009 too the company from Imola developed the e500, electric version of the new FIAT 500, which is presented at London Motorshow by the English dealer Nice Car.
Then Micro-Vett developed the electric Ducato, in all its models. The configuration of the batteries can be dimensioned according to customer requirements. For this vehicle Micro-Vett started a partnership with the French company Gruau, which installs the kits provided by Micro-Vett on the vehicles.
Interrupted since 2006 the collaboration with Piaggio, which now offers a version of electric Porter independently made, Micro-Vett triggers a similar base vehicle search. A first partnership with the Uz-Daewoo, Uzbek manufacturing site of Daewoo, was unsuccessful and other partnership with Chinese OEMs or Italian importers of Chinese vehicles too; finally Micro-Vett begun a relationship with VEM, which lead to the birth of the EdyOne in 2011.
Throughout its history, Micro-Vett implemented many electric-powered prototypes, including the bus Albatros in collaboration with the local public transport company of Rimini, a Ducato with endothermic engine on the front axle and electric motor on the rear axle in partnership with Al-Ko, a three-wheels motorcycle, a bimodal hearse, an all-electric excavator in collaboration with Venieri, a bimodal boat for carrying 70 people, etc..
Micro-Vett also developed CHAdeMO protocols for rapid charging of its vehicles at 50 kW; moreover the company also attended many national and European projects, including Green eMotion under the 7th European framework program.
At the beginning of 2011, when the company has a turnover of around 17 million Euros and employs 50 people, the vehicle range includes EdyOne, e500, Fiorino, Doblò, Ducato and Bimodal Daily.
Main customers are state-owned companies and delivery companies, including Trambus, Reggio Emilia Municipality, Italian Mail, Turin Municipality, Milan Municipality, San Martino Hospital in Genoa, Cinque Terre National Park, VeLoCe from Vicenza, Bartolini, DHL, Acciona Madrid, Eurodisney Paris, La Poste France, Cannes Municipality, Monaco Municipality, Moscow Municipality, RWE, ESB Ireland, etc..
Since the second half of 2011, both for the electric vehicle market contraction caused by the international crisis, both for the debts due to non-payment by Italian state-owned companies, both for technical problems mainly related to some defective components, Micro-Vett became on crisis and in February 2013 the court of Bologna declared its bankruptcy.
After some bankruptcy auctions with no offers, the company was taken over during April 2014 by the Bocchi family that moved it to Altavilla Vicentina. The new company is led by Claudio Cicero, already hired in the previous Micro-Vett and winner of the 2010 World Championship FIA Alternative Energies Cup with a Micro-Vett e500.

</doc>
<doc id="13699921" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699921" title="InterOil">
InterOil

InterOil Corporation is a fossil fuel company with a primary focus on Papua New Guinea. InterOil’s assets include one of Asia’s largest undeveloped gas fields, Elk-Antelope, in the Gulf Province. The company employs more than 2000 staff and contractors. Its main offices are in Singapore and Port Moresby. InterOil was formed in 1997 and is incorporated in Canada. The company is listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the Port Moresby Stock Exchange. It has a market capitalization of $2.8 billion.
On February 17, InterOil announced its onshore Antelope-5 appraisal well found a reservoir in Papua New Guinea’s Gulf Province.
On July 21, 2016, ExxonMobil announced its intent to acquire InterOil for $2.5 billion.
It has the following assets:
− Exploration: Oil & Gas Exploration licenses to 3.9 million acres (an area larger than Qatar)
− Development: Elk-Antelope in Petroleum Retention License 15, being developed as PNG’s second major LNG project with supermajor Total and Oil Search

</doc>
<doc id="13699928" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699928" title="InterOil Exploration and Production">
InterOil Exploration and Production

InterOil Exploration and Production is a Norwegian petroleum company with operations in Peru, Colombia, Ghana and Angola. The company is traded on the Oslo Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="13699950" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13699950" title="CIB Bank">
CIB Bank

CIB Bank is the second-biggest commercial bank in Hungary, after the 1 January 2008 merger with Inter-Európa Bank. This follows the 2007 merger of their respective Italian parent companies, Banca Intesa and Sanpaolo IMI to form Intesa Sanpaolo.

</doc>
<doc id="13700043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13700043" title="K&amp;H Bank">
K&amp;H Bank

K&H Bank or "Kereskedelmi és Hitelbank" is one of the biggest commercial bank in Hungary, owned by KBC Bank of Belgium.
K&H Bank has total assets of EUR 8.6 billion and K&H is one of the leading financial institutions in Hungary in terms of both retail and corporate services.
K&H Bank has a nationwide network of more than 200 branches. It offers a full range of financial products, including conventional products: account management, investments, savings, loans, bank guarantees, bank card services, custody management, treasury, project financing, Private Banking services etc., as well as investment fund management, leasing, securities trading, factoring, life and pension insurance. These latter services are offered through subsidiaries.
K&H Bank’s majority owner is KBC Bank and Insurance Group of Belgium, with 100% ownership.
KBC Bank <br>
Founded in 1998 following the merger of Kredietbank, AAB Insurance, and CERA Bank of Belgium, KBC Bank has been dynamically expanding in Europe. Its staff of nearly 43,000 serve nine million clients in 30 countries.
KBC focuses special attention on Central Europe, where it has acquired stakes in Polish, Czech, Slovakian, and Slovenian banks. Kredietbank, the legal predecessor of KBC Bank, entered the Hungarian market in 1997 as the winner of the privatisation tender of K&H Bank, in which it has now increased its initial participation of 23 per cent to 100 per cent.

</doc>
<doc id="13700117" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13700117" title="BOSCO-Uganda">
BOSCO-Uganda

BOSCO-Uganda is a private, non-profit effort to put wireless internet and VoIP telephony into the internally displaced persons camps of northern Uganda, in cooperation with the Archdiocese of Gulu. BOSCO (standing for Battery Operated Systems for Community Outreach, but named also in honor of the Roman Catholic Saint John Bosco) collaborated with Inveneo to place their low-power PCs powered by solar panels in the Catechist Training Center and the Caritas Office in Gulu, as well as at schools, hospitals, colleges and Churches in the Pabbo, Alero, Lacor, Coope, Jen'Geri, Unyama, and Pagak IDP camps. The organization aims to use ICT to help end the isolation of communities in rural northern Uganda as well as improve education, economics, human rights documentation, health care and rural development.
BOSCO focuses on providing innovative information and communication technology (ICT) solutions using a collaborative and Internet approach to foster socio-economic development and peace building in rural communities in northern Uganda.
Their strategy is based on ICT and computer education for rural communities, with a particular focus on Web 2.0 applications and usage; ICT for sustainable rural development, livelihoods and income generation; and research and installation of innovative ICT technologies for rural areas.
BOSCO “envisions open and peaceful rural communities, ready to face the challenges and opportunities of the globalized world in the 21st century.”
Twenty years of conflict and displacement have isolated the people of northern Uganda from the technological developments rapidly evolving in their own country and throughout the world. This isolation and lack of access to 21st century Information and Communication Technologies (ICT) has prevented communities from using the Internet for creative and innovative ways to meet community needs.
Instead, many communities have become reliant on traditional aid. However, with peace in northern Uganda, BOSCO-Uganda attempts to turn dependency into self-advocacy through the use of innovative and collaborative ICT technologies.
Initiated in 2006 under the umbrella of Gulu Archdiocese, BOSCO-Uganda implemented a pilot ICT project in 6 IDP-camps in Gulu and Amuru district (including Choo Pe, Unyama, Lacor, Pagak, Pabbo and Jengari). BOSCO-Uganda has since expanded its activities in Amuru and Gulu and is planning the further expansion to Kitgum and Pader Districts.
BOSCO-Uganda uses innovative technology particularly adapted to rural regions. Its internet stations, situated in rural communities and former internally displaced persons camps, consist of low-power, solar powered PCs connected to a high-speed, long-range WiFi Internet connection. Each communication station is linked to other BOSCO sites via a free VoIP telephony network and through a high-speed internal network (INTRANET) content management page.
Moving beyond the provision of technical solutions, BOSCO is concentrating on the development of both proven and emerging directions for ICT usage. These directions include computer education adapted to the realities of 21st Century global interconnectivity and a Web 2.0 collaborative approach to cooperation with health centers, e-agriculture, educational outreach, e-government, etc.
BOSCO USA was founded by Gus Zuehlke in 2007. Mr. Zuehlke established relationships with the Archdiocese of Gulu, including the Archbishop John Baptist Odama and Fr. Joseph Okumu, who is now the BOSCO-Uganda Executive Director. In 2007, northern Uganda was benefiting from a tenuous cease fire, yet nearly 1.7 million people throughout the region remained stuck and isolated in Internally Displaced Persons (IDP) camps.
Mr. Zuehlke discussed some of the needs and challenges the archdiocese and the people were facing. The Archbishop’s priority was to help the Acholi people of northern Uganda end the severe isolation they were experiencing in the camps. By connecting camp schools, community centers, parishes, and health clinics to the outside world through Internet, the Acholi people could begin to end their isolation by advocating for their own cause.
In 2007 Mr. Zuehlke assembled an all volunteer Board of Directors and incorporated BOSCO, Inc. as a 501(c)3 not for profit organization. In April 2007, with the help of Inveneo and BOSCO’s Founding Technical Director, Ted Pethick, BOSCO deployed the first set of low power, solar, PCs with long-range WiFi Internet in 6 site locations.
BOSCO USA has watched BOSCO-Uganda grow as they now employ a Uganda-based staff and administration and have expanded the BOSCO network to 22 sites. BOSCO-Uganda has attracted partnerships from both local and international development organizations, including War Child Holland and UNICEF.
Since the founding, BOSCO USA, based in South Bend, Indiana, has taken on a distinct role for BOSCO-Uganda. BOSCO-Uganda, in Gulu, handles the day-to-day operations of the organization and employs a local, Ugandan staff. BOSCO-USA consists only of a volunteer Board of Directors who are mainly responsible for these points:
The BOSCO-USA Board of Directors is made-up entirely of volunteers. The note able members of this board are Gus Zuehlke (President and Founder), Thomas Loughran (Vice President), Kerry Vickers (Technical Consultant) and Kevin Bailey (Former Organizational & Communications Envoy in Uganda). With the help of other board members, these individuals consult with BOSCO-Uganda and aid in fundraising, technology, capacity and public relations.
BOSCO-Uganda is primarily involved in the day to day implementation of the BOSCO project. This includes:
The BOSCO-Uganda leadership employs a Uganda-based staff and administration. They have overseen the network expansion and are the essential component for BOSCOs attempts to promote self-advocacy through ICT. This leadership oversees the daily implementation of the BOSCO mission and ensures successful use of the network at each site. They aid in developing new BOSCO content, create proposals for expansion, seek mutually beneficial partnerships, and assist in creating dialog between local users, BOSCO stakeholders, and the BOSCO team. Those in charge of these daily activities within BOSCO-Uganda are Fr. Joseph Okumu (Executive Director), Aliker David Martin (Project Coordinator), Stella Akiteng (Project Coordinator) and Stefan Bock (Technical Advisor, HORIZONT 3000).
BOSCO-Uganda has partnered with HORIZONT3000 since 2007.They first provided a technical volunteer in 2007-2008 and then provided a technical advisor. The organization has also provided funding in the past for projects and staff salaries.
UNICEF has provided an initial grant of $10,000 to carry out community ICT trainings and install five Internet sites. A second grant worth an estimated $270,000 has been submitted and would support BOSCO’s expansion by providing new computers and bandwidth, strengthening training programs at all sites in Gulu and Amuru, and installing news sites in Pader and Kitgum district. UNICEF’s ICT4D department in Kampala also works in partnership with BOSCO-Uganda to develop concepts on technology and collaboration.
War Child Holland has partnered with BOSCO-Uganda in Pagak. War Child Holland provided computers and a working space and BOSCO-Uganda provided Internet connectivity and training. Another site has been installed in partnership with War Child Holland at a school in Koch Goma.
The software company based in Italy donated 20,000 Euros to BOSCO-Uganda’s work.
The University of Notre Dame partners with BOSCO-Uganda on an internship program where the university funds a student’s work with BOSCO-Uganda over a period of 10 weeks.
Google, Global Voices and Thomson Reuters partnered to create the Breaking Borders Award. This award rewards individuals or organizations spearheading web-based projects. The recipients must have demonstrated bravery, outstanding effort and ingenuity through use of the Internet. Winners of this award must be using the Internet to encourage free speech and reveal varied political opinions. The award goes to those organizations making difference in these areas as well as those helping to stand up against censorship. The award attempts to promote resourcefulness and originality for public benefit.
The Breaking Borders Award was presented to BOSCO-Uganda on May 5, 2010. This occurred at the Global Voices Citizen Media Summit in Santiago, Chile.
The National Peace Corps Association (NPCA) presents the Africa Rural Connect award. The ARC endorses collective thought supporting the creation of new ideas. The ideas are aimed at solving the principal challenges rural Africa faces. Close to 100 organizational ideas and charitable plans were submitted for the 2010 ARC competition.
Throughout a large variety of plans present two winners were chosen in the first round. The NPCA announced BOSCO and their proposal, “Achieving Rural Literacy through Innovative Web 2.0 ICT Use in Post-conflict Northern Uganda,” as one of the two first round winners in June 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="13705455" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13705455" title="Capital Power Income">
Capital Power Income

Capital Power Income L.P. was a limited partnership that owned power generation assets in Canada and the United States.
Founded as TransCanada Power L.P. the company was renamed EPCOR Power L.P. after TransCanada Corporation sold its interest in the partnership to EPCOR Utilities Incorporated on September 1, 2005. It was then renamed on November 5, 2009 to reflect the transfer of ownership from EPCOR Utilities to its newly created spin-off Capital Power Corporation.
On November 7, 2011 Atlantic Power Corporation completed it plan of arrangement to acquire the company.

</doc>
<doc id="13706410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13706410" title="Friends of Women's World Banking">
Friends of Women's World Banking

Friends of Women's World Banking, India, often shortened to "Friends of WWB, India", or just "FWWB", is an Indian APEX organization that assists microfinance and microenterprise organizations. Founded in 1982 by Ela Bhatt, it is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India.
Friends of Women's World Banking was established as a non-profit organization to promote direct participation of poor women in the economy through access to financial services. It was created to extend and expand informal credit supports and networks within India to link them to a global movement.
FWWB-I combined its loans with technical assistance to ensure sustainable growth of microfinance institutions. From 1989 to 2010 it reached out to more than 300 institutions with technical assistance and nearly 200 with loan support. Till March 2010, FWWB-I had made a cumulative disbursement of around Rs. 11 billion benefitting 2.6 million women...
FWWB-I, being a member of various networks, has played a significant role in the building of the sector. To expand its outreach to more institutions, FWWB-I promoted an NBFC Ananya Finance for Inclusive Growth (AFIG). FWWB-I hived off its micro finance activity to AFIG in April 2010. Ananya’s mandate is to continue to build the network of institutions that will successfully be able to balance their social mission with the commercial one. Mrs. Vijayalakshmi Das who had steered the growth of FWWB-I as an apex for the last twenty one years is now the Managing Director of Ananya Finance for Inclusive Growth.
FWWB-I (Friends of Women's World Banking), under the leadership of Ms. Vijaylakshmi Das, will continue to work in the areas of women empowerment, strengthening community based and micro finance institutions, livelihood promotion and need based financial products and services that impact the lives of the poor. Both FWWB-I and AFIG have a common vision and goal of reaching out to larger number of low income households in the under served regions of the country.
FWWB specializes in dealing with small local lending organizations. It selects its partner organization through a rigorous screening process. But unlike commercial banks that require a credit history to assess their risk of loss, FWWB evaluates an organization on a set of parameters which includes the company's management and business systems (accounts, MIS, HR, etc.). If an organization is found that has potential to develop into a financially sustainable community development organization, it is selected as a partner.
1.Institution Building, Capacity Building, Monitoring and Assessment Services for Micro Finance Institutions, Community Based Organizations (Federations, Cooperatives, Producer Companies), Enterprises.
2.Supporting Partner Organizations that use innovative ways of poverty alleviation, focusing on enhancing and introducing sustainable livelihood activities for women.
3.Support for Reducing the Vulnerability of Low Income Households. This includes providing financial and technical assistance to POs for on-lending to poor women clients, to enable them to get better access to: Solar Energy Light systems,Water and Sanitation Facilities,Education Loans,Health and Hygiene Awareness,Financial Literacy

</doc>
<doc id="13706713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13706713" title="Guerbet">
Guerbet

Guerbet is a research-centered pharmaceutical company based in France that is one of the major players in the contrast agents business.
The company's main products are:
The company is named after the French chemist Marcel Guerbet (1861–1938), who produced Lipiodol in 1901 and his son André Guerbert, who founded the company in 1926.
The X-ray contrast properties of Lipiodol were discovered in 1918.
On July 27, 2015, Guerbet announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement under which it will acquire Mallinckrodt’s contrast media and delivery systems business ("CMDS").
On November 27, 2015, Guerbet completed acquisition of Mallinckrodt’s Contrast Media and Delivery Systems business ("CMDS"), for $270M in cash, financed by BNP Paribas.

</doc>
<doc id="13707392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13707392" title="Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap">
Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap

Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap branded as BKK is a Norwegian power company based in Bergen. BKK is owned by Statkraft (49.9%), Bergen municipality (37.8%) and 16 other municipalities between Sognefjorden and Hardangerfjorden. It performs production and distribution of electricity, while end-user sales is performed by Fjordkraft, that BKK owns along with Skagerak Energi. Annual production is 6.6 TWh produced at 29 hydroelectric power plants.
BKK is the second largest power grid owner in Norway (after Hafslund) with 180,000 grid customers. The company also offers burglar alarm, broadband, cable television and VoIP telephone services as well as the district heating system in Bergen. The main office is located in Bergen. BKK also holds partial ownership of the power companies Sogn og Fjordane Energi (38.51%) and Sognekraft (44.44%).
The power stations operated by BKK include Dale, Evanger, Fana, Fosse, Fossmark, Frøland, Grønsdal, Hellandfoss, Herlandsfoss, Hommelfoss, Kløvtveit, Kollsnes cogenereation plant, Kvittingen, Lundsæter, Matre, Myra, Myster, Møllefossen, Nygård, Oksebotn, Osvatn, Rådal biogas plant, Steinsland, Stend, Takle, Trengereid, Tøsse, Ulvik, Vemundsbotn, Åsebotn.

</doc>
<doc id="13708079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13708079" title="Tealeaf">
Tealeaf

Tealeaf is a Customer Experience Management (CEM) software company, now owned by IBM. Its CX line of products captures website interaction from the actual users' perspectives.
Tealeaf's products are used to provide visibility into the online customer experience by capturing, analyzing and replaying details of customers' visits to find site errors or issues and understand the impact that transaction failures have on business processes.
Tealeaf was founded by Robert Wenig, Randi Barshack, and Igor Tsyganskiy in November 1999 as an independent spin-off of SAP AG. In developing web-based software for SAP, Wenig found it very difficult to reproduce problems reported by users. He came up with the idea that web sites could have a "black box" similar to an airplane cockpit voice recorder to understand what happened in any user visit. He developed software to record all the dynamically generated HTML at the network level and store it for later searching and visual replay. While the technology was originally created to assist software developers the technology has since been adapted for use by business users, call centers and legal compliance groups within organizations.
On May 1, 2012 Tealeaf signed an agreement to be acquired by IBM. Terms were not disclosed. The deal was closed on June 13 2012. 
Tealeaf is now a key component of IBM's customer analytics portfolio which also includes heritage Coremetrics web analytics technologies. In late 2014 IBM introduced a SaaS-based version of Tealeaf as a complement to its on premise deployment model. In June 2016 IBM optionally integrated the SaaS-based version of Tealeaf into its IBM Customer Experience Analytics offering, combining it with web analytics and multi-channel journey analytics. 
http://www-01.ibm.com/software/info/tealeaf/

</doc>
<doc id="13709118" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13709118" title="Expert (company)">
Expert (company)

Expert International GmbH is a Swiss consumer electronics retail chain headquartered in Zug, Switzerland.
The Intercop GmbH was founded in Zurich, Switzerland on October 16, 1967 by initiative of Gunnar Nygren, representing the Swedish radio and TV-retailer association Samex and representatives of five other national retail organizations. The company was renamed Expert International GmbH in 1971. Retailers from other countries began to join the group which led to the Expert trademark being internationally registered.
In 1999 the Expert Global group was formed following a letter of intent being signed with Associated Volume Buyers Inc. from the United States and Cantrex from Canada.
In 2001 Betta Stores from Australia and New Zealand joined the Expert Global group.
On the 18th of September 2012 Expert International's Swedish subsidiary, Expert AB, filed for bankruptcy.
Expert has stores in 22 countries. Through subsidiaries, franchises and partially owned companies, the group has more than 7400 stores.
In Norway there are 261 Expert stores with the brands Expert, Expert Bonus and El-Kjeden. Expert also owns 63% of the online store BestBuy. 60 stores are owned by Expert ASA.
In Denmark Expert is the largest retailer in its segment through the subsidiary Elbodan. The company operates 445 stores, including Elbodan, Punk1, Expert and 2tal.
In Sweden, Expert operated 222 stores throughout the country before the bankruptcy on 18 September 2012. However, Expert still operates a warehouse serving stores in neighbouring countries.
In the Faroe Islands Expert operates only 1 store.
In Åland Expertin has 1 store in Mariehamn.
In Finland Expert operates 48 stores (Jan. 2016) throughout the country, after it bought 51% of Konepiste in 2007.
In Estonia Expert operates 12 stores.
In Belgium Expert operates 42 stores
In Germany Expert ("expert AG Deutschland", Langenhagen) operates 430 stores.
In Greece Expert operates 30 stores.
In Ireland there are 63 stores. Four of these stores are owned directly by Expert Ireland and the other 59 franchised out to independent retailers.
In France Expert operates 144 stores.
In Austria Expert operates 122 stores.
In the Czech Republic Expert operates 52 stores.
In Iceland Expert currently has no stores.
In Italy Expert operates 292 stores.
In The Netherlands Expert operates 150 stores.
In Portugal, Expert is part of CODELPOR, a company part of the SUSIARTE GROUP. It operates 41 stores and it is expanding.
In Spain Expert operates 84 stores.
In Slovakia Expert operates 6 stores and more stores are planned.
Betta Electrical in Australia/New Zealand are part of the Expert Global Group and have 170 stores across the two countries.
In Croatia Expert operates 5 stores and more stores are planned.
In Hungary Expert operates 75 stores and more stores are planned.

</doc>
<doc id="13709560" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13709560" title="YouSee">
YouSee

YouSee is the largest quadruple play service provider in Denmark, and is a subsidiary of TDC Group, the largest telecommunications company in Denmark. YouSee currently has 1.1 million customers in Denmark.
In 1963, the Danish regional telephone company Jydsk Telefon found an interest in cable television, but only in 1985 did the Folketing give permission for the regional companies to build a nationwide cable TV infrastructure. 
In November 1990, the Folketing passed a law that paved the way for a nationwide Danish telecom. The company was named Tele Danmark and was the parent company for the existing regional companies (KTAS, Jydsk Telefon, Tele Sønderjylland, Fyns Telefon, and Rigstelefonen).
In 1995, the regional companies were merged into Tele Danmark, and the first nationwide cable TV company, Tele Danmark Kabel TV was created. Five years later, in 2000, Tele Danmark changed its name to TDC, and thus Tele Danmark Kabel TV became TDC Kabel TV. In early 2001 TDC Kabel TV changed its brand name to "OnCable" as a way for consumers to know they could get more than just TV. This brand name was scrapped in October the following year, reverting back to "TDC Kabel TV".
In 2007, TDC folded its subsidiaries back into the parent company with the exception of TDC Kabel TV, which continued as an independent legal identity. Later in the year, on 1 October 2007, TDC Kabel TV changed its name to YouSee to once again signal a focus on more than just TV.
On 1 July 2016 the TDC consumer business was merged with YouSee, migrating the entire TDC customer base of IPTV, broadband and mobile consumers to YouSee. The mobile phone network continues to use the 'TDC' name, as its built by TDC Group instead of YouSee.
YouSee has offered internet via cable television since building a return path on the network in the years 2000-2002. It had previously been marketed under the name "Webspeed", but was re-branded as YouSee Broadband in 2007.
Today YouSee continues to serve broadband to consumers either via cable (using DOCSIS) or through a non-cable telephone line (ADSL).
Prior to April 2016 costumers had to subscribe to at least the basic TV channel package to get broadband over cable. This requirement was removed after parent company TDC was forced - by the authorities - to allow other broadband companies to serve broadband to consumers using the TDC/YouSee infrastructure without the consumer having to have a TV package from YouSee.
In 2012 YouSee began offering 100 Mbit/s download speeds. Four years later, in 2016, 300 Mbit/s was introduced as the top download speed. Also in 2016, YouSee started a nationwide upgrade of their broadband infrastructure in a partnership with Huawei. The upgrade enables gigabit download speeds by deploying DOCSIS 3.1 nationwide, and is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
As of 16 March 2017:
Speeds are given in megabits per second, where 1 megabit = 0.125 megabytes = 125000 bytes.
Current and previous cable modems from YouSee
On 15 September 2009 YouSee decided to unencrypt its digital TV distribution, under the marketing name "YouSee Clear". However, a parallel analogue distribution was maintained for customers with TV sets that were unable to receive digital signals.
At the time YouSee distributed channels in both MPEG-2 and MPEG-4 but in April 2013, YouSee stopped this simulcasting to focus on MPEG-4 only. The name "YouSee Clear" was used until 1 July 2014 were it was renamed "YouSee Tv".
The analogue TV signal was finally switched off on February 9, 2016.
In early 2017, YouSee switched off their cable radio services, which had been used to redistribute several Danish and foreign FM radio stations.
Today, YouSee broadcasts digital television over cable using DVB-C and MPEG-4.
The main products are the three packages: Basic, Medium and Full. Extra channels can be bought separately if the consumer subscribes to at least the basic package.
As of March 2017, YouSee offers 103 channels, of which 66 are in HD.
The newest set-top box is a YouSee branded Humax set-up box. It was released on 18 April 2016.
Current and former set-top boxes:
As of January 2017.
Parent company TDC had in 2011 acquired the mobile virtual network operator Onfone which at the time were using the network of Telenor. After the acquisition, Onfone switched to the TDC mobile network, but were kept as a separate brand until December 2013 where Onfone were re-branded as YouSee Mobile.
The YouSee Mobile service uses the network of parent company, TDC Group. This network covers 99.5% of Denmark using 2G, 3G and 4G.
It was announced in September 2013 that Huawei were to do a complete overhaul of the 3G and 4G network infrastructure starting on 1 March 2014 and lasting 6 years.
Using the 3G and 4G network of parent company TDC, YouSee offers mobile broadband with included data ranging from 10 GB to 500 GB.
TDC Kabel TV started offering IP telephony in 2005 branding it Cabletalk. This was re-branded as YouSee Telefoni in 2007 as part of the overall YouSee name change.
YouSee continues to offer fixed telephony services using IP as well as traditional landline.
YouSee now operates 44 stores around the country, after a re-branding of TDC stores to the YouSee brand began in March 2016.
With the prospect of facing competition from both Netflix and HBO when they announced their streaming services would be available in Denmark late 2012, YouSee announced plans for their own upcoming streaming service. It would be called YouBio (a play on the Danish word for cinema, biograf), and it launched on 7 December 2012.
The service was available as an app on Smart TVs from LG, Samsung, on Android, and iOS. Costumers could also buy a separate digital media player "YouBio Boks" which YouSee had developed. 
In June 2014 TDC announced YouBio would become a movie rental service as they couldn't compete with Netflix who had been more successful than TDC had imagined. Later in the year YouBio was shut down completely.
YouSee Play was launched on 6 October 2014 as "the future of cable tv". It made it possible for costumers to watch their tv channel subscriptions on smartphones, smart TVs, tablets and computers.
Less than a year later, on 25 August 2015 YouSee Play was shut down, although the features was carried over to the existing main YouSee TV product.

</doc>
<doc id="13710194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13710194" title="Headless Horseman Hayrides">
Headless Horseman Hayrides

The Headless Horseman Hayride and Haunted Houses is an outdoor haunted attraction in the Hudson Valley area of New York. It is located in Ulster Park, about from Kingston, New York. This haunted attraction covers and includes a hay ride, corn maze, and five haunted houses. The attraction has been rated as the "#1 haunted attraction in the United States by Haunt World Magazine, and listed as one of the "Top 20 Hometown Haunted Houses in America" by Fangoria. H5 has been featured on Emeril's Halloween special and the Travel Channel, and draws celebrities as customers as well.
The hayride opened for the Halloween season in 1992, stemming from a disguise business Michael Jubie developed during his time as an undercover police officer, as well as the couple's love of Halloween. As of 2015 it featured twelve distinct attractions and employed over 350 people during the season. Owners Michael and Nancy Jubie started the attraction out of a love of Halloween and experience with disguises. Michael has written articles about safety in outdoor haunted attractions, and lectures about his experiences in the industry.
H5 is located on a , 200-year-old farm that some employees report is actually haunted. The facility, which was named "Tourism Business of the Year" by the Ulster County Development Corporation in 2008, has garnered a reputation for tailoring the terror experience to the individual customer.
A year-round crew is employed to develop and implement the annual themes at the attraction. The storyline is developed by the Jubies and Dave Berman in concert with the production crew, headed by Kyle Jubie and Ernie Bonelli. Creative Director Rob Corsino (2002-2014) develops both the sets and oversees the makeup professionals as they create a look for each actor that complements the set and writing.
The sets designs, writing, and acting have led industry publication Haunt World Magazine to repeatedly list H5 among its Top 13 haunted attraction list, "America's Best Haunted Houses," and as its No. 1 Best Scream Park.
Patrons are first taken on a hay ride on a wagon which holds 25–30 customers. Customers are given ample opportunity to be scared by actors during the trip, which is facilitated by a "storyteller," another actor who is on the wagon for the ride. Each year the hayride has a different theme, and the storyteller narrates the tale, interacts with other characters, and sets the mood for customers. The veteran actors along the trail attend regular acting classes to sharpen their scaring skills. There is some debate about the ideal place to sit on the wagon for the most enjoyment, but the hayride is scary enough to cause some customers to jump off the wagon, or knowingly leave valuable possessions behind.
The corn maze is the third stage in the visit. Numerous actors are hidden in a one-way (i.e., customers cannot make a wrong turn and lose their way) maze to scare passersby.
Several haunted houses, each designed with a new theme annually, are also part of H5. They are frequently covered in local media.
Appearing in 2007, the Creature was a -long inflated attraction that appeared to be a sleeping dinosaur or dragon. Customers passed through the mouth and walked past internal organs on their way through to the back end.
H5 includes several other attractions, including four eating establishments (Croaked Crow Cafe, Evil Eatery, Witch Hazel's and Deadly Doughnut), four gift shops (Magic Moon Gifts, Ghoulish Gifts, Phantom Photos, and Scarewear), and other entertainers including several ghouls lose in the crowd entertaining the lines and Illusionist Ryan Dutcher . Various costumed actors and animatronic creatures are found throughout the site.
Billed as a "Tiny Taste of Terror," Children's Day takes youngsters on a scaled-down daylight hayride and through the corn maze, all of which are modified for a youthful audience.
In 2007 relaunched "Frosty Fest," a Christmas-themed event that had originally been conceived and attempted early in the attraction's run.

</doc>
<doc id="13710990" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13710990" title="Faktor Eiendom">
Faktor Eiendom

Faktor Eiendom is a Norwegian construction company that is engaged in building residential and recreational houses, factory production of low-cost housing (e.g. student flats) and managing hotel and resorts.
Faktor Eiendom experienced serious liquidity problems in 2010 which resulted in DnB NOR converting NOK 250 million of debt into equity and taking 30.7% ownership of the company.
After taking office in Q4 2010, CEO Per Gunnar Rymer has turned the strategy of the company towards real-estate development and factory production of houses and flats.
Faktor Eiendom was taken under bankruptcy proceedings by a court order of 27 September 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="13711068" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13711068" title="P&amp;O Cruises Australia">
P&amp;O Cruises Australia

P&O Cruises Australia is a British-American owned cruise line with corporate headquarters at Carnival House in Southampton, England and operational headquarters in North Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. The sister company of P&O Cruises in the United Kingdom, it was previously a constituent of the Peninsular & Oriental Steam Navigation Company and has a direct link in history to the world's first passenger ships. As such, it is one of the oldest cruise lines in the world, and now forms part of the Carnival Corporation & plc, under the executive control of Holland America Line. It currently operates five ships, sailing from various ports in Australia and New Zealand.
P&O Cruises Australia originates from the passenger division of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company, a UK shipping company which operated the world's first passenger ships in the early 19th century. P&O subsequently became the first company to operate passenger routes to Australia, with the first of these voyages occurring in 1932. These voyages eventually developed into the cruise holidays we recognise today and so P&O adopted the brand name P&O Cruises, with the specialist Australian service becoming known as P&O Cruises Australia.
In 2000, after various changes in the organisation of the P&O Group, the company de-merged all of its cruise ship operations. A new company was created, P&O Princess Cruises, which was independent of P&O and consisted of P&O Cruises, P&O Cruises Australia, Princess Cruises, AIDA Cruises and later A'Rosa Cruises and Ocean Village. Later in 2003, P&O Princess Cruises merged with Carnival Corporation to form Carnival Corporation & plc, the world's largest cruise company, with a portfolio of eleven cruise lines, including P&O Australia.
The "Pacific Sky" joined the P&O Australia fleet in 2001 and was sold to Pullmantur Cruises in 2006, becoming their "Sky Wonder". In 2004 the "Pacific Sun" joined the fleet. It was followed by "Pacific Star" in 2005. In October 2007, the oldest ship of Princess Cruises' fleet, the "Regal Princess", was transferred to P&O Australia. After one month of refurbishment, she entered service as the "Pacific Dawn". The "Pacific Star" was sold to Pullmantur Cruises in March 2008. She underwent refurbishment in Singapore and has started sailing as "Ocean Dream" from 11 May 2008.
On 30 October 2008, Carnival Corporation & plc announced the closure of their United Kingdom-based Ocean Village brand. Coinciding with this closure, both Ocean Village ships were transferred to the fleet of P&O Cruises Australia. "Ocean Village Two" joined the P&O Australia fleet in December 2009 as "Pacific Jewel". "Ocean Village" followed in late 2010 as "Pacific Pearl".
In October 2009, P&O Cruises offered assistance to the Red Cross in relief efforts for earthquake and tsunami victims in the South Pacific by donating 740 pillows with the promise of mattresses, more pillows and hundreds of light bulbs to be given a later date.
In December 2009, the "Pacific Dawn" was moved from Sydney to its new home port at Brisbane. This was done to allow the "Pacific Jewel" and after its acquisition the "Pacific Pearl" to be based in Sydney. The "Pacific Sun" was moved to Fremantle for part of the year to carry out Asia cruises prior to being sold in July 2012.
In December 2011, P&O announced The Pacific Sun would make its last journey for the company on 1 July 2012. In 7 years with P&O it carried more than half a million passengers.
In May 2014, Carnival Corporation announced that the "Statendam" and "Ryndam" would be transferred from Holland America Line to the P&O Cruises Australia fleet in 2015 after being refurbished to tailor them for Australian and New Zealand passengers. The names for the two ships were revealed in July 2014 as the "Pacific Eden" and "Pacific Aria".
In October 2015 it was announced that the "Dawn Princess" would move from the Princess Cruises fleet to the P&O Australia fleet. In December 2015 a new ship was ordered at Fincantieri for delivery in 2019. Now, this ship will get delivered to Carnival Cruise Line, the "Carnival Splendour" will be transferred to P&O Cruises Australia.
In March 2016, it was announced that the "Pacific Pearl" would leave the fleet in March 2017, having completed 294 cruises for P&O, carrying more than half a million passengers over five years.

</doc>
<doc id="13711336" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13711336" title="Data Respons">
Data Respons

Data Respons is a company that develops embedded systems within the areas of military, offshore, automation, medical technology, surveillance, transport and telecommunication.
The company has offices in Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany and Taiwan. 

</doc>
<doc id="13712018" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13712018" title="Tullow Oil">
Tullow Oil

Tullow Oil plc is a multinational oil and gas exploration company founded in Tullow, Ireland with its headquarters in London, United Kingdom.
It has interests in over 150 licenses across 25 countries with 67 producing fields and in 2012 produced on average 79,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Its largest activities are in Africa and the Atlantic Margins, where it has discovered new oil provinces in Ghana, Uganda, Kenya and French Guiana.
Tullow’s main production comes from six countries in Africa as well as the Southern North Sea and Asia. Ghana's offshore Jubilee oil field which was discovered in 2007 and started production in December 2010 is Tullow's largest discovery.
As at 31 December 2012 Tullow had total group reserves and resources of 1.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent including commercial reserves of 388 million barrels of oil equivalent. Tullow's 2012 exploration and appraisal drilling success rate was 74% around double the industry average; this success has been ascribed to its drilling in geological formations similar to those in which oil has been discovered at other locations. For example, a formation off the coast of South America which is similar to formations in West Africa.
Tullow has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index. It has a market capitalisation of approximately £2.75 billion as of 15 July 2015. It has secondary listings on the Ghana Stock Exchange and Irish Stock Exchange.
The Company was founded by Aidan Heavey in 1985 in Tullow, Ireland as a gas exploration business operating in Senegal.
Following the signing of a licence agreement in Senegal in 1986, gas production and sales commenced in 1987. The same year Tullow listed its shares on the London Stock Exchange and Irish Stock Exchange - Tullow joined the FTSE 100 index in September 2007.
In 1988, Tullow expanded its operations into the UK by acquiring exploration acreage and proven gas fields. In 1989, Tullow was awarded its first onshore UK licence and acquired exploration acreage in Spain, Italy and South Yemen.
In 1990, Tullow signed its first license agreement in Pakistan, laying the foundations for the Group's South Asia portfolio of assets. Gas was discovered at the Sara field in Pakistan in 1994 and eventually brought on stream in 1999. New countries were added throughout the decade with licenses acquired in Bangladesh, India, Côte d'Ivoire, Egypt and Romania. Activities were relinquished in four countries during the period.
2000 saw the beginning of a period of an accelerated pace of activity for Tullow, starting with the announcement of a £201 million acquisition of producing gas fields and related infrastructure in the UK Southern North Sea from BP. This proved to be a catalyst for the Group's positioning as a leading player in the CMS and Thames/Hewett areas. In 2000, Tullow re-registered in the UK.
2001 to 2003 was the first defining and transformational period for the Group with the integration of its 2000 UK acquisition and growing production in core areas, as a result of re-investment in exploration and development activities. Strong increases in sales and profits were achieved and Tullow focused its financial resources and management attention on offshore UK, West Africa and South Asia.
The Group more than doubled in size in 2004, mainly as a result of the Energy Africa acquisition which was completed in May that year for $570m. Overall Tullow spent US$1 billion on acquisitions and investments in 2004, creating a strong portfolio of international exploration, production and development assets. The integration of Energy Africa progressed well and Tullow delivered a very good operational and financial performance in 2005. It had two UK North Sea gas discoveries, one discovery in Gabon and one in Mauritania.
In 2006, the company began drilling its first well in Uganda and has since drilled circa 50 wells around the Lake Albert region. There were five oil discoveries in Uganda during 2006, which established the existence of a working hydrocarbon basin and marked the beginning of proving up a world-class major new oil province there. Tullow also announced its largest acquisition ever with a US$1.1 billion bid for Hardman Resources Limited. This transaction became effective in December 2006 and completed in January 2007.
In 2007, Tullow drilled two deep water wells offshore Ghana discovering the massive Jubilee field – its largest ever discovery and the beginnings of proving up a second new major oil province. 2008–2009 was its next phase of growth with a major focus on Africa, based on delivering first oil in Ghana in 2010.
In February 2010, the oil firm initiated a "tax planning" exercise that was criticised by Heritage’s counsel during the Heritage / Tullow court case in 2013 as an attempt to reduce the amount of tax the firm was liable to pay in Uganda. Richard Inch, Head of Tax at Tullow, firmly rejected the criticism whilst giving evidence in this case.
In November 2010, the Jubilee field was brought on to production, in record time, some 40 months after its discovery. A new major discovery was also made at the Enyenra (Owo) and Tweneboa fields in Ghana during the year.
In 2011 the company bought into twenty five Dutch, North Sea Gas fields and in March 2012 a new oil reserve was discovered in Kenya.
In 2012 the company encountered non-commercial reservoirs at its Teak-4A well off Ghana leading to the well having to be plugged and abandoned.
Tullow completed the purchase of Heritage Oil’s licences in the Lake Albert area in 2010 for $1.45bn and on 21 February 2012 completed a farm down of two thirds of its interests to Total and CNOOC for US$2.9 billion. But Tullow and its partners have yet to reach agreement with the Government of Uganda over a plan to develop Lake Albert including a proposed refinery and export-pipeline.
In 2012 there were some production delays at the Jubilee field but the Company announced on 13 February 2013 that production issues at the Jubilee field had been successfully and cost-effectively remediated and that production was now at around 110,000 bopd with an expected 2013 year end exit rate of over 120,000 bopd.
The firm and its leadership were criticised in January 2013 after a decrease in its share price. This was reportedly because the company had failed to reach production targets at a project in Ghana because of ‘operational hiccups’. This prompted the broker Investec to rate the company a ‘sell’ and decrease its target price. Also causing problems were the oil fields known as the TEN that Tullow discovered off the coast of Ghana. The fields were a significant find but the projected development cost of the fields was estimated to exceed $5 billion, which is too much for a firm of Tullow’s size. The Company has suggested it may reduce its share in projects to help reduce the cost burden of developments.
In Uganda, Tullow and its partners (CNOCC and Total) continues to work with the government of Uganda on the development plan for Lake Albert which is to include a local refinery and international pipeline.
In April 2014, Tullow braced itself for a substantial investor backlash over excessive payouts to senior directors at the company. CEO Aidan Heavey came under particular scrutiny after it emerged that his pay had risen from £2.6 million to £2.8 million in 2013, despite Tullow's share price decreasing by as much as 30 percent during that period.
Tullow Oil plc is one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production companies in Europe. The Group is entering its next phase of growth with a major focus on Africa and the Atlantic Margins basin, where Tullow is already a dominant player following exploration success in Ghana, French Guiana, Uganda and Kenya.
Tullow has a large portfolio of exploration and production assets with a focus on balanced long-term growth. The Group has interests in over 150 licences across more than 20 countries, producing from a total of 67 fields. In 2012, average working interest production was 79,200 boepd, generating sales revenue of $2.3bn with capital expenditure of around $1.9bn. The majority of spend was again focused on Africa and Atlantic Margins operations ensuring the world-class projects in Ghana and Uganda and exploration activity in Kenya, Ethiopia and West Africa and South America continue to deliver future growth.
Tullow has had significant exploration success in Uganda (Lake Albert) and Ghana (Jubilee, TEN) where two new hydrocarbon provinces have been established and major developments have commenced. The success from these two basins and geological play types has led Tullow to expand its acreage positions in an effort to replicate the transformation success Ghana and Uganda has brought to the business.
In West Africa and across the Atlantic in South America, Tullow has made further Jubilee-like deepwater discoveries and a high-impact exploration campaign continues. In East Africa, Tullow acquired significant acreage positions in Kenya and Ethiopia with the first well in Kenya, in 2012, making an important discovery at Ngamia-1, which was swiftly followed by the success at Twiga South-1. A significant number of exploration and appraisal wells will now be drilled in this region over the coming years as Tullow attempts to open an entirely new oil province.
In Uganda, Tullow has drilled over 50 wells since 2006. Tullow is now working closely with the Government and its partners on a basin-wide development plan with the potential to produce in excess of 200,000 barrels of oil per day.
In Ghana, Tullow and its partners discovered the world-class Jubilee field in 2007 and developed it in record time with production commencing in November 2010, some 40 months after discovery. During 2012, a successful programme of acid stimulation has been carried out on a number of wells to return them to their original productivity. Further development activity continued in 2012 with the Jubilee field Phase 1A Plan of Development (PoD) approval in January 2012, and the first production wells coming on stream before the end of 2012, resulting in Jubilee production reaching around 110,000 bopd in early 2013 and an exit rate for the year expected to be in excess of 120,000 bopd. In August 2016, the company's Tweneboa, Enyenra, Ntomme (TEN) field achieved first oil offshore Ghana, producing a capacity of 80,000 bopd to the FPSO John Evans Atta Mills.
After prolonged exploration for oil and natural gas in French Guiana in partnership with Shell Oil, Tullow failed to find evidence of hydrocarbons in November 2013.
In late October 2013, Tullow announced it had plugged and abandoned a wildcat well offshore Norway in the Barents Sea due to ‘poor quality reservoir rock’.
In March 2014, Tullow Oil was forced to invoke a force majeure clause on its oil production project offshore Guinea after the US Department of Justice and the Securities and Exchange Commission opened a corruption investigation into the firm’s partner in the project, Hyperdynamics Corporation. Tullow took over the concessions to the project only a year previously in April 2013 and had plans to start drilling for oil in the second quarter of 2014. The delay set Tullow back notably in Guinea and the firm will only resume operations when the issues are resolved. Its share price decreased considerably as a result of the news.
On 12 March 2013, court proceedings at London's High Court commenced after Tullow Oil sued Heritage Oil in a claim that it was forced to pay Heritage's $313 million tax bill after Tullow acquired Heritage's Ugandan assets.
In 2010, Tullow paid Heritage $1.45 billion for its 50 percent share in two huge Ugandan oil fields - Blocks 1 and 3A. The Ugandan government initially demanded $405 million from Heritage in capital gains tax, and, with Heritage’s agreement, Tullow paid the Ugandan Revenue Authority (URA) $121.5 million. This was a third of the original tax demand, as Ugandan tax rules required a one-third payment before Heritage could challenge the demand. Tullow placed the remaining $283.5 million into an escrow account, pending the outcome of the challenge, which left a reduced $1.045 billion payment that went directly to Heritage in exchange for the assets. However, in 2011, Tullow complied with another URA demand for a further $313.5 million payment, which was the balance of the original tax demand, plus an extra $30 million which the URA had added to the bill.
Tullow signed a Sale and Purchase Agreement with TOTAL and CNOOC on 30 March 2011. The second payment to the URA was made on 7 April 2011. The farm down to TOTAL and CNOOC was completed over 10 months later on 21 Feb 2012.
On 14 June, it was announced that Tullow Oil won the arbitration of the court case with Heritage Oil.
The Total-CNOOC transaction netted Tullow $2.9 billion in a farm-down arrangement sanctioned by the government. Heritage claims that Tullow was motivated to pay the $313.5 million by the desire to help the deal go through.
During the trial, it emerged that senior directors at Tullow had discussed making an ""undocumented" $50 million payment to the Ugandan government before considering funding parts of President Yoweri Museveni's re-election campaign. Angus McCoss, an exploration director at Tullow, suggested to other executives in a group email in April 2010 that the company should pay for an oil licence to "meet the short term needs and demands"" of President Museveni. Graham Martin, Tullow company secretary, responded firmly in court, saying this was an "outrageous suggestion".
UK Foreign Minister William Hague was also dragged into the row after the High Court was told that the Foreign Office leaked official documents to Tullow Oil, while lobbying on the company’s behalf. Hague’s role in the lobbying was seen as suspicious after a letter from Hague’s Minister for Africa to President Museveni asking Uganda to drop the tax claim was shown to Tullow executives. Tullow’s vice president of Africa, Tim O’Hanlon, was also alleged to have suggested that Museveni slur Heritage as part of a deal to settle the tax dispute. Additionally, it was brought up that Tullow’s CEO, Aidan Heavey, is a known donor to the Conservatives, having donated more than £50,000.
President Museveni denied the bribery claims in an official statement on 18 March. The statement caused some controversy for the court case as he went on to claim within that Tullow Oil completed the tax payment in order to successfully transact business within the country, a claim that Tullow denied in court. In a public statement in Uganda, Jimmy Mugerwa (Tullow Uganda) deeply regretted the embarrassment caused by "false allegations" and quoted a personal letter from Aidan Heavey to President Museveni which stressed Tullow’s history of "fair and ethical dealings".
During the court case, Graham Martin, Tullow’s General Counsel, was criticised by Heritage’s QC for disposing of hand-written notes potentially relevant to the proceedings. Mr. Martin rejected the criticism and stated that he had destroyed the notes when he had periodically cleared his office in Kampala in 2010-12.
In March 2013, British government ministers were implicated in receiving business-related donations from oil and resources companies including Tullow Oil. A report by the World Development Movement (a political campaigning group) alleged "that one third of ministers in the UK government are linked to the finance and energy companies driving climate change" and that "Government figures were embroiled in the nexus of money and power fuelling climate change include William Hague, George Osborne, Michael Gove, Oliver Letwin, Vince Cable and Prime Minister David Cameron himself. Both William Hague and Michael Gove were said to have connections to Tullow; Hague reportedly telephoned the president of Uganda to lobby for the firm's £175 million tax bill to be waived, while Tullow's CEO, Aidan Heavey, donated £10,000 to education secretary Gove before the 2010 general election.
In 2013, Platform London, an environmental campaigning group, released a report that alleged that Tullow Oil was avoiding UK tax by minimising the amount of profit that passes through the company’s UK books and routing it through an international network of subsidiaries instead. The report also accused the firm of exploiting international legal mechanisms in Uganda to avoid tax. In the same month, research conducted by the British newspaper The Mail on Sunday revealed that Tullow pays far below 1% of its turnover in tax. Tullow’s 2012 full year results show that the company has an effective tax rate across the 25 countries in which it works of 40%.
In December 2012, reports surfaced in the press that Tullow Oil was subject to arbitration with the government of Uganda at the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes in the United States. The dispute arose after value added tax was imposed on goods and services that Tullow purchased for its oil exploration work in the country. The original case was filed in October 2012 at the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID) and due to the case being under seal, the intricacies are not open to the public. Information on the ICSID website reveals that the basis of the court case relates to "petroleum exploration, development and production agreement".
The Ugandan government took a robust stance on the arbitration, insisting through its spokesman that Tullow should not claim taxes on supplies as recoverable costs before oil production starts.
Tullow Oil is represented by Kampala Associated Advocates.[32] In light of this legal representation, Peter Kabatsi, Uganda’s former solicitor general and partner at Kampala Associated Advocates, has denied that he negotiated agreements with oil firms during his tenure as solicitor general, quashing claims of conflict of interest. The founder of Kampala Associated Advocates is Elly Kurahanga, the President of Tullow Uganda.
Government sources said that the real cause for concern for Uganda is the manner in which it lost millions of dollars over the last decade – money that could have stayed in the country. A report by the organization Global Financial Integrity (GFI) reveals that illicit financial flows from Uganda between 2001 and 2012 amounted to $680 million; in Tullow’s case however, the firm argues that it is challenging tax demands that non-governmental organizations like GFI and the Tax Justice Network say should go towards government investment in healthcare, education and infrastructure.
In 2011, the Attorney General of Uganda initiated Parliamentary investigations into bribery allegations levelled at Tullow Oil and three cabinet ministers, named as Prime Minister Amama Mbabazi, Foreign Affairs Minister Sam Kutesa and his internal affairs counterpart, Hilary Onek. Another MP, Gerald Karuhanga acted as the whistle blower when he submitted documents on the incident in Parliament during the October 2011 Special Oil Debate. On hearing the allegations, MPs also called for the accused to resign.
On 11 April 2012, a Tullow Oil delegation appeared in front of an Ad Hoc committee of the Ugandan Parliament which was investigating these claims. A submission and supporting documents were handed over to the Committee – proving unequivocally that the allegations made against Tullow were false and based on forged documents. The submission to the Ad Hoc Committee can be downloaded from Tullow’s website.
After the investigation was announced, a lawyer, Severino Twinobusingye, sued the Attorney General in an attempt to block investigations into the bribery allegations, as well as calls for those accused to resign. Twinobusingye also wanted court to order for him to be paid for the costs incurred in the case. In March 2012, judges awarded Twinobusingye two-thirds of the total costs and decreed that the accused should not have to step down. In July 2012, the Constitutional Court threw out the Parliamentary Commission’s intended appeal to the Supreme Court challenging the January 2012 ruling that blocked it from being party to the oil sector probe case.
In February 2013, the court ordered the government to pay 12.9 billion shillings in costs to Twinobusingye in a move that was described as "very unprecedented in the country’s history".
Tullow ran into difficulties in July 2013 after pastoralists in the Turkana County of Kenya rejected the firm’s proposal to move to a new exploration site at the Twiga 2 oil site in the Lokichar basin. They complained that the ongoing oil exploration in the region has interfered with pasture land and that future pastures for their animals would be decimated. In late October 2013, local communities in Turkana County staged demonstrations demanding jobs and other benefits from any potential future operations in the region, prompting the firm to suspend drilling and sending the firm’s share price down. The locals also managed to gain entry to facilities and two oil blocks, resulting in looting and vandalism. Resumption of drilling was only achieved after peace talks were agreed with local leaders in mid-November.
In July 2013, Tullow Oil was accused of dumping two trucks of human waste in Kakindo village in Western Uganda, causing serious health risks to locals and a number of diseases. The incident was blamed by the firm on its subcontractor, Saracen Uganda Limited, who in turn blamed another contractor they used. However, the incident did not do well for the firm’s reputation in the country after it drew the wrath of members of parliament. Tullow claimed the entire responsibility lay with its contractors, who they believe were cutting corners. The incident was also not the first time the firm had been accused of illegal waste dumping, with reports in 2012 claiming the firm dumped toxic drilling waste in a game park and other areas occupied by people.
Under the theme, "Creating shared prosperity", Tullow has made some contributions to the economic and social sectors of the countries within which they operate. This includes educational scholarships, water supply projects, health programme, wildlife conservation and so on.

</doc>
<doc id="13712905" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13712905" title="MillenWorks">
MillenWorks

MillenWorks, known as Rod Millen Motorsports until 2005, is an American automotive technology company started by Rod Millen in 1980. The company began by preparing Millen's rally cars, and evolved into designing and building them. The company now develops vehicles, high performance auto parts, and technology for racing, concept cars, and the US military.
Some of the first cars designed and built by the company are the Pikes Peak Toyota Celica and Toyota Tacoma which Millen drove to overall victories in the Pikes Peak International Hill Climb in 1994, 1996, 1997, 1998, and 1999.
Other cars include the Championship Off-Road Racing Pro 4 Toyota Tundra and the SCORE Toyota FJ Cruiser which competes in the Baja 1000.
MillenWorks is often contracted to develop technologies for upcoming concept cars. They developed the revolutionary drivetrain seen on the Jeep Hurricane, which allows it to spin in place using independent four wheel steering. They also developed the hybrid electric four wheel drive system seen on the Ralliart Mitsubishi Eclipse concept car, and many of the mechanisms seen on the Scion FUSE. Other projects include the Chrysler ME Four-Twelve, Lexus IS430, Porsche Carrera GT Concept, Toyota Ultimate Celica, Lexus Streetrod, and the Toyota Retrocruiser.
MillenWorks has also developed manned and unmanned ground vehicles and technology for the military, such as the MillenWorks Light Utility Vehicle. With Lord Corporation, they have also developed an active magneto rheological suspension for the U.S. Army's Stryker, which was tested at the Yuma Proving Grounds. They have teamed with Lockheed Martin on several other projects, including the RST-V, Unmanned Ground Combat Vehicle, Gladiator Tactical Unmanned Ground Vehicle, and the Multifunctional Utility/Logistics and Equipment (MULE) Vehicle. They have also developed diesel-electric drivetrains for the HMMWV, which were tested at the Aberdeen Proving Ground.
It has also developed automotive performance parts for the Mazda Miata, and cooperated with Toyota Racing Development on parts for the Toyota Celica and Lexus IS300.

</doc>
<doc id="13713265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13713265" title="Assuranceforeningen Gard">
Assuranceforeningen Gard

Assuranceforeningen Gard is the largest Protection & Indemnity insurer among the thirteen members of the International Group of P&I Clubs, and ranks second in the marine insurance industry behind Allianz. Its clients include shipowners and operators, shipyards, and companies involved in the upstream oil and gas markets.
The group employs more than 450 people in 13 offices in Arendal, Athens, Bergen, Bermuda, Gothenburg, Helsinki, Hong Kong, Imabari, London, New York, Oslo, Singapore, Rio and Tokyo.
Assuranceforeningen Gard was founded in 1907. The establishment of this new marine mutual reflected the historical importance of Arendal as a shipping centre, but it was also driven by owners of sailing ships’ reluctance to subsidise the liabilities arising from steam operations. Although Gard’s P&I business has its origins from this period, its marine activities can be traced back to as far as 1867 with the establishment of Æolus, which later became part of the Storebrand group.
With time, the importance of Arendal as a major Norwegian shipping-hub began to wane and also the Second World War took a heavy toll on the Association’s owners. As a result, by 1945, the Gard’s membership had shrunk severely.
In the post-war period, Gard progressively regained its position as a major P&I Club. This development was characterised by two factors, the substantial growth of the Norwegian national fleet between 1950 and 1970, and the increasingly international nature of the membership. While the Association retains its Norwegian identity, it has become a global P&I club, where less than 30% of the current entered tonnage is Norwegian owned or -controlled.
After having managed If’s marine and energy book for more than three years, the Committee of Assuranceforeningen Gard resolved in October 2003 to purchase this portfolio.
The group’s business revolves around five client segments, full details are available at:
The business unit, which is the largest source of premium volume, provides liability-, property- and income insurances to shipowners and operators. Offering tailor-made covers to suit individual operators, as well as many non-standard P&I shipping covers.
Liability insurance, known as P&I insurance, protects the shipowner against third-party liabilities and expenses arising from the ownership and operation of ships. The insurance is provided through a mutual structure which means that the buyers of the insurance are effectively the insurer.
One of the particularities of the P&I clubs, is that they participate in a claims sharing and collective reinsurance purchasing arrangement through the International Group. The reinsurance programme is the largest in the world and has a capacity exceeding USD 5.5 billion. The arrangement, due to its size and structure, enables the clubs to significantly reduce their risk capital requirements in a cost-effective way. The resulting savings should hence over time be reflected in the premium levels shipowners pay for their P&I cover.
Property insurance covers the assured against losses that may occur to the vessel and her equipment as a result of an accident, while income insurance protects against losses where the ship is wholly or partially deprived of income as a result of it being out of operation. These insurances are provided by Gard on a commercial basis rather than through the mutual organisation. The earnings from this business are therefore retained for the benefit of the mutual members (the buyers of mutual P&I cover).
The Gard group also provides covers for Marine Builder’s Risks. This provides cover for the shipbuilding industry against the risks of building vessels (from “keel laying” to delivery) and for conversion projects. A range of covers related to the newbuilding process, such as towage, delay in delivery, non-delivery also fall under this business unit. Mortgage covers are also written for banks and financial institutions. These covers protect policyholder against the perils of non-payment of outstanding loans and interests in “sailing” vessels, i.e., they are not linked to newbuilding projects.
Gard’s third business unit provides insurance solutions for companies in the upstream oil and gas markets, these include large oil producers, as well as contractors operating mobile offshore units, such as accommodation units and FPSOs. Cover ranges from traditional property and casualty to liability insurances.
For operators and owners of small crafts such as passenger and local ferries, fishing vessels, tugs, dredgers, coastal cargo carriers, pushers, pontoons, barges and more.
Insurance against legal and other costs incurred in establishing and defending claims from business operations.
Product:
Defence cover

</doc>
<doc id="13713457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13713457" title="Assuranceforeningen Skuld">
Assuranceforeningen Skuld

Assuranceforeningen Skuld is an international mutual marine insurance company based in Oslo, Norway that specializes in protection and indemnity insurance. Total premiums for own account for the 2008 insurance year were USD 190 million. In addition to Oslo, Skuld has offices in Bergen, Copenhagen, Hamburg, Hong Kong, London, Moscow, New York, Piraeus and Singapore.
Skuld was established in 1897 in Oslo. The name has its origins in Norse mythology according to which Skuld is one of the powerful goddesses known as norns who weave the threads of destiny. The purpose of the Association is "mutual insurance against liabilities and losses incurred by members in direct connection with the operation of the entered vessels".
As a mutual association, the club has no shareholders and is owned and controlled directly by its insured shipowners who are known as members of the club and are entitled to vote at the general meeting according to the gross tonnage of the ships entered in the Association. The members elect a Committee of between 12 and 30 members which meets twice a year, and a Board of Directors consisting of between five and nine members. The conditions of membership and terms of insurance are contained in the Statutes and Rules.
Skuld underwent a major restructuring in the period 2000 to 2003 which led to a substantial improvement in its financial strength and Standard & Poor's rating of A with a stable outlook. The Annual Report for the insurance year ending 20 February 2014 records total assets of USD 856 million and contingency reserves of USD 335 million. At the commencement of the 2014/2015 insurance year, owners' tonnage reached more than 80 million gross tonnes. Some 23% of the tonnage entered continues to be Scandinavian-controlled. Skuld is also a leading provider of charterers' liability insurance.
Skuld is one of thirteen members of the International Group of P&I Associations that work closely together in reinsurance and industry matters of common interest. The P&I Clubs in the International Group provide insurance for the liabilities of approximately 90% of the world's merchant fleet.
In December 2010, Skuld announced that it had also entered the Lloyd's market.
1 January 2011, Skuld open as the first P&I club a Syndicate at Lloyd's, Skuld 1897.
The P&I ("Protection and Indemnity") insurance provided by Skuld to its members is primarily to cover the liabilities which they incur to third parties arising out of the operation of their ships. The common types of claim which are covered are for death or injury to passengers and crew, oil pollution, cargo loss or damage, collision, wreck removal and stowaways. Shipowners' exposure to these claims has grown in line with increasing regulation of the shipping industry through International Conventions adopted by the International Maritime Organisation as well as by domestic or regional legislation.
Skuld has been involved in a number of high-profile cases, including the "Estonia", "Hebei Spirit", "Braer", "Sea Empress" and "Scandinavian Star".
Skuld also provides shipowners and charterers with additional types of cover. This includes cover for legal assistance and legal costs ("defence" cover) as well as insurance for operators of units in the offshore and energy sector.

</doc>
<doc id="13714941" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13714941" title="China Hualu Group">
China Hualu Group

China Hualu Group () is a Chinese state-owned electronics manufacturer headquartered in Dalian, Liaoning. 
It had a net revenue in 2006 of USD 659.8 million and was ranked No. 43 on a list of Chinese electronics companies sorted on this figure.

</doc>
<doc id="13715194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13715194" title="Scandinavian Bunkering">
Scandinavian Bunkering

Scandinavian Bunkering is a global provider of bunker oil and lubricant for the shipping industry. Founded in 1993, main offices are located in Tønsberg, Norway, though the company also has offices in Singapore and Montevideo. In 1997 Scandinavian Bunkering bought Sea Bunker, founded in 1981.
In 2005 Scandinavian Bunkering was in a court battle with the Australian Fishing Management Authority over an estimated A$300,000 worth of bunker oil in the arrested Spanish ship MV "Taruman". In 2006 Scandinavian Bunkers was the 72nd largest company in Norway with revenue at NOK 6,243 million.

</doc>
<doc id="13715495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13715495" title="Hed Kandi">
Hed Kandi

Hed Kandi is a UK-based record label, events and music brand. Its back catalogue includes both artist albums and dance music compilations.
A Record Label founded in 1999 at Jazz fm Radio Stations' Enterprise Division by Mark Doyle who proposed the initial idea and created the name, concept and track listings, Hed Kandi was a stable mate to Jazz fm Records. Its live events quickly gained popularity with a residency in Ibiza at el Divino and by having its own specialist radio show on Jazz FM. In 2002, Hed Kandi had gathered enough momentum from its Ibiza nights to launch a regular residency at Pacha in London.
Two of the most notable DJ's that have worked for Hed Kandi was Andy Norman and Steve Krafft, After the purchase by Ministry of Sound they set of to start the brand 'Original Dj's'.
In January 2006, Hed Kandi was purchased by Ministry of Sound.
Since its inception in 1999, Hed Kandi has developed from hosting small boutique parties to staging more than 500 events annually.
It has a number of residences in Dubai, Amsterdam, US, Frankfurt, Thailand and the UK. Hed Kandi has hosted events at renowned venues including Es Paradis Ibiza, Nikki Beach Miami, Pacha London the Muziekgebouw Concert Hall in Amsterdam, And Solo Bar in Koh Samui
The Hed Kandi radio show is the most popular show on Ministry of Sound radio's 24/7 service and is syndicated on various stations around the world. It is available to listen to on the websites of both Ministry of Sound and Hed Kandi. A separate version broadcasts weekly on Kiss FM.
Hed Kandi has sold more than 5 million compilation albums to date.
The principal genre is soulful, vocal house although other dance music genres are also covered. The album covers have a distinctive illustrative form and belong to a series.
A Taste Of
Back To Love
Beach House
Deeper
Deep House
Disco Heaven
Disco Kandi
Hed Kandi The Mix
Kandi Lounge
Nu Cool
Nu Disco
Serve Chilled
Stereo Sushi
Twisted Disco
 Twisted House (2013)
Winter Chill
Uncategorized
Hed Kandi albums are generally recognizable by their illustrations of a female dancing/clubbing/on the beach, accompanied by Hed Kandi's logo and the album name.The original illustrations were created by Jason Brooks and the original logo was designed by Ryan Hughes.

</doc>
<doc id="13715689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13715689" title="Good Times Burgers &amp; Frozen Custard">
Good Times Burgers &amp; Frozen Custard

Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard is a Golden, Colorado-based fast-food restaurant specializing in premium burgers and frozen custard. Good Times Restaurants Inc. owns and operates 37 Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard locations, 35 in Colorado, and two in Wyoming.
In 1968, Round the Corner Restaurants was started in Boulder, Colorado, and established a chain of gourmet, sit down hamburger restaurants. At its peak, Round the Corner had 30 restaurants in 4 states.
In 1986, Round the Corner formed a company to develop the Good Times drive-through concept. By 1987 as "Good Times Drive-Thru Burgers", the company opened its first location in Boulder.
Between 1990 and 1993, Round the Corner became a subsidiary of Good Times Restaurants, Inc., and was spun off into a separate company in 1995. Round the Corner filed for bankruptcy in 1996, with Good Times as the only secured creditor. By 2000, the last remaining Round the Corner restaurant, located in Aurora, Colorado, had been sold to an independent operator.
In 2005, Good Times began a test agreement with Taco John's to open co-branded restaurants. 
In 2007, Good Times introduced new Bambino Burgers, slider hamburgers similar to those sold by White Castle.
In 2009, Good Times' signature Wild Fries were discontinued in favor of standard "fresh cut" fries. In 2010, Wild Fries were returned to the menu by popular demand.
In 2013, Good Times acquired a 48-percent interest in North Carolina-based franchiser Bad Daddy's Burger Bar, described as a "full service, upscale, 'small box' restaurant concept". The agreement included development rights for franchise locations in the states of Colorado, Arizona, and Kansas. In 2015, Good Times announced it would be acquiring the remaining 52 percent of Bad Daddy's for $21 million.
Good Times Burgers allows teens to make a "Spoonbender", a frozen custard mix-in treat at Junior Achievement's Business Week.

</doc>
<doc id="13716206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13716206" title="Enrique Cassinelli and Sons">
Enrique Cassinelli and Sons

Enrique Cassinelli and Sons is a Peruvian producer of soft drinks and juices. It is located in Trujillo in the La Libertad Region in Peru. Cassinelli and Sons is owner of the Cassinelli brand of soft drinks and the "Liber" brand of juices.
The company was founded in 1910 by Don Enrique Cassinelli Chiappe and four of his brothers. In 1946 the company changed its name to Enrique Cassinelli and Sons. From 1995 to 2004 the company produced the famous Inca Kola.

</doc>
<doc id="13719305" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13719305" title="Verso Corporation">
Verso Corporation

Based in Memphis, TN, Verso Corporation () is a North American producer of coated papers including coated groundwood, coated freesheet, supercalendered and specialty products. The company restructured in 2016 following Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Verso operates eight paper mills in the U.S.
The company was formed in August 2006 when Apollo Global Management purchased the coated and supercalendered paper business from International Paper. In April 2008, Verso conducted an initial public offering and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. In January 2015, Verso completed its acquisition of NewPage Holdings.
Verso Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on January 26, 2016. Six months later, the company emerged from bankruptcy after restructuring and reducing its debt by $2.4 billion. As of January 2017, the company moved its headquarters from Memphis to Miamisburg, Ohio in a consolidation of offices as the company set a goal of reducing its overhead expenses by 10 percent annually. In January 2017, B. Christopher DiSantis was appointed to become the chief executive officer (CEO) and a director of Verso effective as of February 1, 2017.
In 2008, Verso received the Environmental and Energy Achievement Award from the American Forest and Paper Association for its work with the Bucksport Environmental Innovation Partnership.
In 2010, Verso received the Sustainable Forestry Initiative (SFI) President's Award for its partnership efforts to promote sustainable forest management principles and initiatives in Maine.
In 2015, Verso Paper’s Quinnesec Mill was awarded the Michigan Voluntary Protection Program (MVPP) Star award by the Michigan Occupational Safety and Health Administration (MIOSHA) for the fifth time.

</doc>
<doc id="13720917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13720917" title="Simpson (appliance manufacturer)">
Simpson (appliance manufacturer)

Simpson was a manufacturer of household appliances based in Adelaide, Australia. It now exists as a brand within the Electrolux Australia group.
Simpson was established in 1909. In 1963 it merged with Pope Industries Ltd to form Simpson Pope Holdings Limited. Pope was originally established in Adelaide as Popes Sprinkler and Irrigation Company in 1925 and after World War II was also a manufacturer of washing machines and hand tools. Pope later manufactured air-conditioning systems. In 1979, the company changed its name to Simpson Holdings Limited—a listed public company. In 1986, Simpson merged with Email Limited, an industrial conglomerate specialising in refrigeration, electric meters and metals distribution. In 1999, the Email conglomerate was taken over and broken up. The appliance business was acquired by Electrolux in 2000.

</doc>
<doc id="13722862" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13722862" title="Madeira Brewery">
Madeira Brewery

The Madeira Brewery (Empresa de Cervejas da Madeira or E.C.M) is a brewery in Madeira. The main brand is "Coral Lager". The company is the biggest producer and drink distributor in the Autonomous Region of Madeira. It produces alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages. Until 2007, ECM drinks had been awarded 117 Monde Selection awards. However, Monde Selection awards are non-competitive and only products that pay to enter are judged. The company is certified by the ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 quality norms.
"Coral" was first introduced in 1969 and is distributed in Madeira and the Portuguese mainland; it is exported to the UK, Australia and Angola.
1872 - “H.P Miles & Cia" is created to produce Beer and soft drinks in Madeira<br>
1922 - “Araújo, Tavares e Passos" is created for the same purpose<br>
1934 - “H.P Miles & Cia” and “Araújo, Tavares e Passos” merge into 1 company called Empresa de Cervejas da Madeira<br>
1999 - The Pestana Group in partnership with the Miles family, founders of the beer industry in Madeira, purchased the shares of Central de Cervejas in E.C.M. gaining absolute control of the company with a 68% controlling interest.

</doc>
<doc id="13722979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13722979" title="Melco">
Melco

Melco Holdings Inc. is a family business founded by Makoto Maki in 1975 and is located in Japan. The company's most recognizable brand is Buffalo Inc.
Buffalo Inc. is currently one of the 14 subsidiaries of Melco Holdings Inc., initially founded as an audio equipment manufacturer, the company entered the computer peripheral market in 1981 with an EEPROM writer. The name BUFFALO is derived from one of company's first products, a printer buffer and the name for the American Bison (Buffalo). The owner was particularly fond of a National Geographic documentary that chronicled the annual migration including a gruesome crocodile attack.
Melco's name stands for Maki Engineering Laboratory COmpany.
Melco Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 1986; currently its subsidiaries are involved in the manufacture of random access memory products, Flash memory products, USB products, CD-ROM/DVD-RW drives, hard disks, local area network products, printer buffers, Liquid crystal displays, Microsoft Windows accelerators, Personal computer components and CPU accelerators. A subsidiary of Melco provides corporate services in Japan like Internet set-up, Terminal installation/set-up, Computer education and Computer maintenance. The company has also started selling Solid-state drives in Japan.
Buffalo Technology (USA) is the North American subsidiary of the group and is based in Austin, Texas.
In late 2006, the Australian Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) won a lawsuit against Buffalo Inc. under which it would receive a royalty for every WLAN product worldwide. The lawsuits basis was that CSIRO was granted US patent 5487069 in 1996, which grants elements of 802.11a/g wireless technology that had become an industry standard. In June 2007, the federal court in Texas granted an injunction to prevent any more wireless products from shipping until a license agreement had been reached. On September 19, 2008, the Federal Circuit ruled in Buffalo’s favor and has remanded this case to the district court ruling that the district court’s Summary Judgment was insufficient on the merits of obviousness of CSIRO’s patent. Therefore, this case will be tried again before the district court. In this connection Buffalo is hopeful that it will shortly be permitted to, once again, sell IEEE 802.11a and 802.11g compliant products in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="13723440" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13723440" title="Bradken">
Bradken

Founded in 1922, Bradken Limited () is a global manufacturer and supplier of differentiated consumable and capital products to the mining, transport, general industrial and contract manufacturing markets. As a leading heavy engineering company Bradken can manufacture fully machined cast iron and steel products from a mass of 0.5 kg to over 25 tonnes. Bradken employs 4,800 people worldwide and has a global footprint with 54 manufacturing, sales and service facilities throughout Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, China, the United States of America, Canada, South America, Malaysia and Indonesia. The company is a component of the S&P/ASX 200 index, code BKN.
Between 1919-1920 two BHP steelworks employees, Leslie Bradford (General Manager) and Jim Kendall (Chief Mechanical Engineer) and a group of their friends backed a racehorse called ‘Jack Findlay' who completed a remarkable sequence of five wins. With each win the group rolled-over their bets and by 24 January 1920 they had won a small fortune pledging their winnings to start a steel foundry business.
In December 1974 the company officially changed its name to Bradken Consolidated Limited. Between 1981 and 2000, the Bradken business was a division of Australian National Industries Limited (ANI), an under performing industrial conglomerate. ANI was taken over by Smorgon Steel in 2000 and broken up. The Bradken casting business was sold to private equity firm CHAMP and subsequently refloated on the ASX in August 2004.
In 2005 the company acquired of Roche Castings Foundry, opened a coal mining services facility in Mackay, Queensland. In 2006 it acquired Firth Rixon Castings Ltd in the United Kingdom, a 20% share of Americast Technologies Inc. in the USA and a ferrous scrap business in Cannington, Western Australia.
In 2007 the company opened a manufacturing facility in Xuzhou, China, and acquired the Australian foundry supply company Cast Metal Services (CMS).
In 2008 it acquired the remaining 80% share of Americast Technologies Inc, and in 2010 it acquired the Canadian oil sands company ALMAC Machine Works Inc.
In 2011 it acquired Norcast Wear Solutions in Canada, a supplier of mill liners, and acquired the Australian companies Wear Protect Systems Pty Ltd Overseas Alloys Pty Ltd.
In 2013 the company opened the new Global Corporate Centre in Newcastle, Australia and a state-of-the-art greenfield foundry in Xuzhou, China for the manufacture of mining consumables.
Bradken has four market focused divisions and an independently branded foundry supply business:
Bradken's Mineral Processing Division is a global manufacturer of custom designed products for grinding mills, crushing and conveying equipment for the hard rock mining industry. Bradken is the market leader in the manufacture and supply of grinding mill liners.
Products include:
Bradken's Mining Products Division supplies the global mining industry with a wide range of wear resistant, differentiated consumable products for all types of fixed and mobile plant.
The Division operates three separate Businesses:
Ground Engaging Tools & Buckets
Bradken's GET & Buckets Business is a leader in the design and manufacture of differentiated Ground Engaging Tools (GET), associated wear parts and buckets to fit front-end loaders, face shovels and hydraulic excavators. The Business also manufactures and supplies customised rigging packages and buckets to suit a variety of dragline machines.
Products include:
Crawler Systems
Bradken's Crawler Systems Business is a leader in the design and manufacture of differentiated undercarriage componentry for mining class electric shovels and hydraulic excavators.
Products include:
Fixed Plant
Bradken's Fixed Plant Business (incorporating the Albert Oil & Gas Business) creates customised wear solutions through the design and manufacture of a wide range of wear resistant products to protect fixed plant equipment.
Products include:
Bradken's Transport & Industrial Products Division is a provider of both products and services to the bulk minerals, freight transportation and general industrial sectors.
Products include:
Based in the United States of America, Bradken's Engineered Products Division is a manufacturer of large, highly engineered, complex steel castings and differentiated capital and consumable products that are considered 'mission critical' and require first run production integrity.
The Division operates three separate Businesses:
Industrial Products
Bradken's Industrial Products Business manufactures components predominantly for the mining and construction, rail and transit, military and dredging markets. The Business also manufactures components for specialized industrial markets such as structural nodes for use in building construction.
Capabilities include:
Energy
Bradken's Energy Business manufactures components for the global energy and power generation markets. The Business also manufactures military products for Tier 1 suppliers to the United States government. Products can range in size from 200 to 45,000 lbs (9 to 20,412 kg).
Capabilities include:
Cast Metal Services is an independently branded Bradken owned Business supplying traded and differentiated consumable products to the global cast metals industry. Previously known as 'CMS' the business was officially rebranded as Cast Metal Services on 2 June 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="13724015" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13724015" title="MicroGraphic Image">
MicroGraphic Image

MicroGraphicImage was a computer software company that produced games in the early eighties, predominantly for Atari hardware, notably the game "Spelunker".
MicroGraphicImage was founded by former employees of a company called Games by Apollo. Games by Apollo had been among the companies that had overproduced games for the Atari 2600, creating a glut of cheap games. In the pre-Christmas market of 1983, the company became insolvent. At the time, they had a lot of games in the works for a number of platforms, including the Atari 400/800. Three former programmers from Games by Apollo would go on to form MicroGraphicImage: Tim Martin, Robert Barber, and Cash Foley. Martin had been one of the lead developers on the Atari 2600 platform and Foley had been on the Atari 800.
When Games by Apollo went broke, Martin and another former employee, Robert Barber, developed a game entitled Halloween based on the infamous movie. The 'Halloween' game was innovative for the time, both in content and usage of the Halloween theme music. The contract funded the founding of MicroGraphicImage. The game was released by Wizard Video Games during the video game crash of 1983-84, resulting in poor sales.
Martin and Barber's expertise was with the Atari 2600. Furthermore, they were dis-satisfied with the kind of money being made through contract game development. Their strategy was to utilize the contract programming to leverage the funding of a software publishing company. They brought Cash Foley in as technical specialist with Atari and Apple computer programming. The trio went to the January 1983 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. It was there they developed a relationship with Gary Carlson, one of the founding brothers of Brøderbund. In early 1983, MicroGraphicImage developed games under contract for Brøderbund, Parker Brothers, and CBS Electronics while developing "Spelunker" for themselves.
Martin and Barber had been developing the "Spelunker" game design for quite a while, however, it was too ambitious for the Atari 2600. Martin, Barber and Foley co-developed the game. Martin was responsible for "game logic", Foley developed the graphic engine and Game Level Editor, and Barber was the graphic designer and Level Editor.
By 1983, many computer games had a "name" attached to them, a trend started by Activision, which prominently featured the names of their programmers. As "Spelunker" was Martin's original idea and he programmed the game logic, a strategic decision was made to put only Martin's name out front. The team were convinced this was the first of many games, and eventually they would all have their turn in the limelight The short lifespan of the company curtailed this foreseen eventuality.
In 1984, they turned publication over to Brøderbund and made the Commodore 64 version of the game, little different from the original.
Although MicroGraphicImage was able to maintain a steady stream of contract work, the overhead of financial business focus going into publishing, they weren't able to make ends meet. The game recession that started in the winter of 82 got worse, it was very difficult to get distributors to take games, especially from small publishers. Eventually, MicroGraphicImage ran out of money and closed its doors. The company did not go bankrupt; it simply ceased operations. Martin continued working with Brøderbund on a business level and was able recover all debt through NES and Coin-op versions of "Spelunker".
Martin and Foley continued to work together including at an Amiga Publishing company by the name of Inovatronics. Eventually, Martin was a founder of the Internet provider, Internet America. As of 2007, Foley was working at Perot Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="13724354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13724354" title="Apollo Global Management">
Apollo Global Management

Apollo Global Management, LLC is an American private equity firm, founded in 1990 by former Drexel Burnham Lambert banker Leon Black. The firm specializes in leveraged buyout transactions and purchases of distressed securities involving corporate restructuring, special situations, and industry consolidations. Apollo is headquartered in New York City, and also has offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai.
As of August 2016, Apollo managed over US$188.8 billion of investor commitments across its private equity, credit and real estate funds and other investment vehicles making it the second largest US-based alternative asset management firm. Among the most notable companies currently owned by Apollo are Claire's, Caesars Entertainment Corporation, Novitex Enterprise Solutions and Rackspace.
Apollo, originally referred to as Apollo Advisors, was founded in 1990, on the heels of the collapse of Drexel Burnham Lambert in February 1990. It was founded by Leon Black, the former head of Drexel's mergers and acquisitions department, along with other Drexel alumni. Among the most notable founders are John Hannan, Drexel's former co-director of international finance; Craig Cogut, a lawyer who worked with Drexel's high-yield division in Los Angeles; and Arthur Bilger, the former head of the corporate finance department. Other founding partners included Marc Rowan, Josh Harris and Michael Gross, who both worked under Black in the mergers and acquisitions department, and Antony Ressler, who worked as a senior vice president in Drexel's high yield department with responsibility for the new issue/syndicate desk.
Less than six months after the collapse of Drexel, the founders of Apollo had already begun a series of ventures. Apollo Investment Fund L.P., the first of their private equity investment funds, was formed to make investments in distressed companies. Apollo's first fund raised approximately $400 million of investor commitments on the strength of Black's reputation as a prominent lieutenant of Michael Milken and key player in the buyout boom of the 1980s. Lion Advisors was set up to provide investment services to Credit Lyonnais, which was seeking to profit from depressed prices in the high yield market.
At the time of Apollo's founding, financing for new leveraged buyouts was minimal and Apollo turned instead to a strategy of distressed-to-control takeovers. Apollo would purchase distressed securities which could be converted into a controlling interest in the equity of the company through a bankruptcy reorganization or other restructuring. Apollo used distressed debt as an entry point, enabling the firm to invest in such firms as Vail Resorts, Walter Industries, Culligan and Samsonite.
Early on, Apollo made a name for itself by acquiring interests in companies that Drexel had helped finance by purchasing high-yield bonds from failed savings and loans and insurance companies. Apollo acquired several large portfolios of assets from the U.S. government's Resolution Trust Corporation. One of Apollo's earliest and most successful deals involved the acquisition of Executive Life Insurance Company's bond portfolio. Using this vehicle, Apollo would purchase the Executive Life portfolio, generating tremendous profits when the value of high yield bonds recovered, but also resulting in a variety of state regulatory issues for Apollo and Credit Lyonnais over the purchase. More than a decade after the purchase, in 2002, California Attorney General Bill Lockyer accused Apollo, Leon Black, and an investor group led by French bank Credit Lyonnais, of illegally acquiring the assets and bond portfolio of Executive Life Insurance Co. in 1991. According to the State of California, Lion allegedly violated a California law that prohibited foreign government-owned banks from owning California insurance companies.
In 1995, Apollo raised its third private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund III with $1.5 billion of investor commitments from investors that included CalPERS and the General Motors pension fund. Unlike its first two funds and later funds, Fund III would ultimately prove only an average performer for private equity funds of its vintage. Among the investments made in Fund III (invested through 1998) were: Alliance Imaging, Allied Waste Industries, Breuners Home Furnishings, Levitz Furniture, Communications Corporation of America, Dominick's, Ralphs (acquired Apollo's Food-4-Less), Move.com, NRT Incorporated, Pillowtex Corporation, Telemundo and WMC Mortgage Corporation.
Also in 1995, Apollo founding partner Craig Cogut left the firm to found a smaller competitor Pegasus Capital Advisors. Since inception Pegasus has raised $1.8 billion in four private equity funds focused on investments in middle-market companies in financial distress. In 1997, Apollo co-founder Tony Ressler founded Ares Management as the successor to its Lion Advisors business which would manage collateralized debt obligation vehicles.
In 1998, Apollo raised its fourth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund IV, with $3.6 billion of investor commitments. Among the investments made in Fund IV (invested through 2001) were: Allied Waste Industries, AMC Entertainment, Berlitz International, Clark Retail Enterprises, Corporate Express (Buhrmann), Encompass Services Corporation, National Financial Partners, Pacer International, Rent-A-Center, Resolution Performance Products, Resolution Specialty Materials, Sirius Satellite Radio, SkyTerra Communications, United Rentals and Wyndham Worldwide.
Apollo deployed its fourth fund during the booming markets of the late 1990s, only to experience difficulties with the collapse of the Internet bubble and the onset of the recession. Amid the turmoil of collapsing markets, Apollo was able to raise its fifth private equity fund in 2001, Apollo Investment Fund V, with $3.7 billion of investor commitments, roughly the same amount raised as for its previous fund. Among the investments made in Fund V (invested through 2006) were Affinion Group, AMC Entertainment, Berry Plastics, Cablecom, Compass Minerals, General Nutrition Centers (GNC), Goodman Global, Hexion Specialty Chemicals (Borden), Intelsat, Linens ‘n Things, Metals USA, Nalco Investment Holdings, Sourcecorp, Spectrasite Communications, and Unity Media.
Meanwhile, Ares continued to grow through the late 1990s, and profited significantly from investments made after the collapse of the high yield market in 2000 and 2001. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spin out with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. By 2002, when Ares raised its first corporate opportunities fund, the firm announced that it was more formally separating itself from its former parent company. The timing of this separation also coincided with Apollo's legal difficulties with the State of California over its purchase of Executive Life Insurance Company in 1991.
Following the spin-off of Ares in 2002, Apollo developed two new affiliates to continue its investment activities in the capital markets. The first of these new affiliates, founded in 2003, was Apollo Distressed Investment Fund (DIF) Management a credit opportunity investment vehicle. The following year, in April 2004, Apollo raised $930 million through an initial public offering (IPO) for a listed business development company, Apollo Investment Corporation ()). Apollo Investment Corporation was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.
The 2005 - 2007 period marked a boom period in private equity with new "largest buyout" records set and surpassed several times in an 18-month window from the beginning of 2006 through the middle of 2007. Apollo was among the most active investors in leveraged buyout transactions during this period. Although Apollo was involved in a number of notable and large buyouts, the firm largely avoided the very largest transactions of this period. Among Apollo's most notable investments during this period included Harrah's Entertainment, a leading US gaming and casino company; Norwegian Cruise Line, the cruise line operator; Claire's Stores, the retailer of costume jewelry; and Realogy, the real estate franchisor that owns Coldwell Banker, Century 21 and Sotheby's International Realty.
In August 2006, Apollo launched a $2 billion publicly traded private equity vehicle in Europe, AP Alternative Assets (ENXTAM:AAA). The IPO of this new vehicle followed in the footsteps of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, which raised $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006. Apollo initially attempted to raise $2.5 billion for the public vehicle, but fell short when it offered the shares in June, raising only $1.5 billion. Apollo raised an additional $500 million via private placements in the weeks following that sale.
As the private equity industry expanded through 2006 and 2007, several of the largest private equity firms, most notably The Blackstone Group and Kohlberg Kravis Roberts, announced plans to realize value from their firms through the sale of shares in the public equity markets. Apollo Management chose a slightly different path, by completing a private placement of shares in its management company in July 2007. By pursuing a private placement rather than a public offering, Apollo would be able to avoid much of the public scrutiny applied to Blackstone and KKR. In November 2007, Apollo was able to realize additional value from the sale of a 9% ownership interest in its management company to the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA). Ultimately, in April 2008, Apollo would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to permit some holders of its privately traded stock to sell their shares on the New York Stock Exchange and in March 2011, Apollo completed its initial public offering (). In 2008, the firm opened an office in India, marking their first push into Asia.
As the deterioration of the financial markets worsened into 2008, Apollo saw several of its investments come under pressure. Apollo's 2005 investment in the struggling US retailer, Linens 'n Things suffered from a significant debt burden and softening consumer demand. In May 2008, Linens was forced to file for bankruptcy protection, one of several high profile retail bankruptcies in 2008, costing Apollo all of its $365 million investment in the company. At the same time, Apollo's investment in Claire's, Realogy and Harrah's Entertainment came under pressure. Apollo would respond actively to its investment difficulties seeking to exchange a portion of the existing debt at Harrah's and Realogy to more favorable securities. At Claire's, Apollo exercised its "PIK toggle" option to shut off cash interest payments to its bondholders and issue more debt instead, in order to provide the company with additional financial flexibility.
In December 2008, Apollo completed fundraising for its latest fund, Apollo Investment Fund VII with approximately $14.7 billion of investor commitments. Apollo had been targeting $15 billion, but had been in fundraising for more than 16 months, with the bulk of the capital raised in 2007.
In December 2009, it was announced that Apollo would acquire Cedar Fair Entertainment Company shares and the company would be become private underneath the management group. The deal includes a cash payment of $635 million and assumed debt which gives the transaction a value of $2.4 billion. It was later announced in April 2010 that the deal was pulled due to poor shareholder response.
In March 2012 it made a second attempt to acquire an amusement park operator with a $225.7 million offer for Great Wolf Resorts.
In November 2012, The McGraw-Hill Companies sold their education division ("McGraw-Hill Education") to Apollo Global Management, in a deal totaling $2.5 billion.
On 11 March 2013, Apollo Global Management made the only bid for the snacks business of Hostess Brands, including Twinkies, for $410 million.
In December 2013, Apollo bought a portfolio of Irish home loans from Lloyds Bank for €307m, less than half their nominal £610m (€367m) value. The shares were bought by an Apollo Global Management subsidiary, Tanager Limited. The portfolio made a £33m loss last year.
In January 2014, Apollo bought CEC Entertainment, the parent company of Chuck E. Cheese's, for about $1 billion.
In June 2015, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer of around $1.03 billion in cash to privatise OM Group. Also that month, Apollo won the bidding during an auction for Saint-Gobain’s Verallia glass bottle manufacturing unit for a rumoured fee of around 2.95 billion.
In May 2016, Apollo Education Group shareholders approved a merger with Apollo Global Management.
In June 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Diamond Resorts International.
In August 2016, Apollo Global Management made a successful offer to purchase Rackspace. 
Apollo is operated by its managing partners, Leon Black, Joshua Harris and Marc Rowan and a team of more than 250 investment professionals, as of March 31, 2013. The firm's headquarters are located in the Solow Building at 9 West 57th Street in New York City, and the firm operates additional offices in Purchase, New York, Los Angeles, Houston, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai
Apollo’s executive committee includes: Leon Black, chairman and chief executive officer; Josh Harris, senior managing director; Marc Rowan, senior managing director; and Marc Spilker who was hired as President in November 2010.
Apollo operates three business lines in an integrated manner:
Apollo has historically relied primarily on private equity funds, pools of committed capital from pension funds, insurance companies, endowments, fund of funds, high-net-worth individuals, family offices, sovereign wealth funds and other institutional investors. Since 2014, Apollo has begun investing its eighth private equity fund, Apollo Investment Fund VIII, which raised approximately $18 billion of investor commitments, making it the largest private equity fund raised since the financial crisis. Since inception in 1990, Apollo has raised a total of eight private equity funds, including:
Apollo Investment Corporation is a US-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end fund and an affiliate of Apollo. AIC was formed to invest primarily in middle-market companies in the form of mezzanine debt and senior secured loans, as well as by making certain direct equity investments in companies. The Company also invests in the securities of public companies.
AIC is structured as a business development company, a type of publicly traded private equity vehicle that is designed to generate interest income and long term capital appreciation. AIC historically has not invested in companies controlled by Apollo's private equity funds.
AP Alternative Assets () is a Guernsey-domiciled publicly traded private equity closed-end limited partnership, managed by Apollo Alternative Assets, an affiliate of Apollo Management. AAA was formed to invest alongside Apollo's main private equity funds and hedge funds.
AAA was launched in August 2006, shortly after Kohlberg Kravis Roberts completed an initial public offering for its $5 billion for its KKR Private Equity Investors vehicle in May 2006. Apollo raised a total of $2 billion for AAA including the vehicle's $1.5 billion IPO and a subsequent private placement.
AAA's investment portfolio is made up of a mix of private equity and capital markets investments:
Apollo has been an active private equity investor through the mid-2000s buyout boom. The following is a list of Apollo's most recent and currently active private equity investments. The bulk of these investments are held in Apollo Investment Fund V, VI and VII.
Other investments include Connections Academy and Unity Media GMBH.
From its inception, Apollo built as part of a network of affiliated businesses focusing on private equity and a variety of distressed investment strategies.
Lion Advisors (or Lion Capital), which was founded at the same time as Apollo in 1990, focused on investment management and consulting services to foreign institutional accounts targeting investments in public and private high yield debt securities in the US. In 1992, Lion entered into a more formal arrangement to manage the $3 billion high-yield portfolio for Credit Lyonnais which together with a consortium of other international investors provided the capital for Lion's investment activities. The Lion business would ultimately be replaced by Ares Management.
Ares Management, founded in 1997, was initially established to manage a $1.2 billion market value collateralized debt obligation vehicle. Ares would grow to manage a family of collateralized loan obligation (CLO) vehicles that would invest in capital markets-based securities including senior bank loans and high-yield and mezzanine debt. Ares was founded by Antony Ressler and John H. Kissick, both partners at Apollo as well as Bennett Rosenthal, who joined the group from the global leveraged finance group at Merrill Lynch.
Ares I and II which were raised were structured as market value CLOs. Ares III though Ares X were structured as cash flow CLOs. In 2002, Ares completed a spinout from Apollo management. Although technically, the founders of Ares had completed a spinout with the formation of the firm in 1997, they had maintained a close relationship with Apollo over its first five years and operated as the West Coast affiliate of Apollo. Shortly thereafter, Ares completed fundraising for Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund, a special situations investment fund with $750 million of capital under management.
In 2004, Ares debuted a publicly traded business development company, Ares Capital Corporation (NASDAQ:ARCC). In 2006, Ares raised a $2.1 billion successor special situations fund (Ares Corporate Opportunities Fund II).

</doc>
<doc id="13725701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13725701" title="Western Norway Regional Health Authority">
Western Norway Regional Health Authority

Western Norway Regional Health Authority () is a state-owned regional health authority responsible for operating the hospitals in the counties of Rogaland, Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane in Norway. Based in Stavanger the authority operates five health trusts that operate nine hospitals. It is led by chairman Oddvard Nilsen (Conservative) and CEO Herlof Nilssen.
Other central agencies include Helse Vest IKT that operates the information technology systems. Haukeland University Hospital cooperates with the University of Bergen to provide medical education in Bergen.

</doc>
<doc id="13726301" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13726301" title="Drammens Is">
Drammens Is

Drammens Is is a former ice cream manufacturer based in Drammen, Norway.
Drammens Is was founded in 1937. On 4 June 1997, a car bomb had exploded outside a Bandidos clubhouse in Drammen as a part of the Great Nordic Biker War. The Drammen factory was completely destroyed after a fire due to the bombing. Just afterwards the company was bought by Nestlé who took over the rights to the brands, and made an agreement with Diplom-Is, a Norwegian ice cream manufacturer regarding production and distribution of Drammens Is products.
Among the brands made by Drammens Is were Gullkrone, Kjempe-Yes, Hip, Hawaii, Mr. Yankee, Break, Luksuspinne, Kjempe-Nuggi, Sjokoladepinne, Banansplit, Twin, Kokosboller and På Minuttet. After large economic losses on the Norwegian ice cream market, Nestlé closed down its Norwegian ice cream division in 2005. At the same time Diplom-Is AS took over the marketing and distribution of Nestlé's international ice cream brands in Norway while the former Drammens Is brands disappeared from the marketplace.

</doc>
<doc id="13726393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13726393" title="Joker Is">
Joker Is

Joker Is is a defunct Norwegian manufacturer of ice cream that was bought by Drammens Is in 1991. For many years the company was owned by the Nidar Group and eventually Nora Industrier, then from 1988 by the brothers Jan Erik Hokstad and Einar Hokstad. Drammens Is discarded the brand after they purchased the company. Joker Is had production and head offices in Trondheim.

</doc>
<doc id="13727120" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13727120" title="Games by Apollo">
Games by Apollo

Games by Apollo (often shortened to Apollo) was a third-party developer of games for the Atari 2600 video game system, based in Richardson, Texas. It was founded in October 1981 by Pat Roper as a subsidiary of his National Career Consultants (NCC). Apollo's first title was "Skeet Shoot," and neither it nor the ten games that followed caught on, and the company was one of the first to declare bankruptcy as a result of the North American video game crash of 1983 Several former employees went on to form Video Software Specialists (VSS) and MicroGraphic Image, which both developed Atari 2600 games.
In 1980, Pat Roper was president of Texas-based National Career Consultants (NCC), a producer of educational films. He knew nothing about the games industry, but while playing "NFL Football" on the Intellivision, he realized that there was money to be made. Roper formed a game company called Games by Apollo, citing the name "Apollo" as a recognizable symbol of youth and activity.
Instead of hiring away existing game designers from Mattel or Atari, as some developers had done, Roper placed an advertisement in the "Dallas Morning News" and the "San Francisco Chronicle". 
PROGRAMMER-VIDEO-GAMES
We nd you to join us in our
exciting adventures. If you
have exper & know-how in
this area, pls. send is your
resume and telephone. Send to
this paper ad no 3397752. All
replies strictly confidential
Sent a copy of the "Morning News" ad by a friend, a young programmer from Iowa names Ed Salvo contacted Roper to pitch him "Skeet Shoot", a game he had developed in about four weeks. Roper flew Salvo to Dallas and offered to make him lead developer for the nascent company. Salvo initially turned him down, thinking it was too risky.
After Salvo returned to Iowa, Roper contacted him and offered to buy "Skeet Shoot" for $5,000. Salvo accepted and agreed to a contract to develop a second game, "Spacechase". With Games by Apollo now a going concern, Roper gave Salvo the job of director of development; his first job was to hire 25 programmers to develop games.
"Spacechase" would become Apollo's best-selling title. One of the company's marketing ideas was a customized or "monogrammed" version of the game. Though fewer than ten were sold, several were given to press, including "Electronic Games" magazine co-founder Arnie Katz. "PM Magazine" sent Leeza Gibbons to Apollo's offices to film a segment on the company and "Spacechase". During the segment, Salvo made a customized "Spacechase" for her, which involved changing an explosion graphic so that when her ship was destroyed, her initials appeared. Other programmers interviewed for the piece were Dan Oliver ("Space Cavern"), Steve Stringfellow ("Lochjaw") and Ernie Runyon ("Lost Luggage").
"Space Cavern" was the first scrolling 2600 game. It was created after Roper flew Salvo to the Winter Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Vegas to see Imagic's new game "Demon Attack". Roper had been very impressed and wanted one just like it. He gave programmer Dan Oliver the game play and specifications for "Space Cavern" without identifying where he got the idea, and "Space Cavern" became Apollo's third game.
Apollo attended the June 1982 CES in Chicago with a booth of their own, which included the obligatory hiring of models to demonstrate its games. Shortly after, they hired Cyndy Spence, formerly of Atari, as advertising director. She in turn brought in well-known advertising agency Benton & Bowles to represent Apollo.
Also of note was "Lochjaw", a "Pac-Man" clone that involved sharks. MCA, then owner of Universal Studios, threatened to sue Apollo for copyright infringement of "Jaws." Facing an expensive legal battle, Roper changed the title "Shark Attack". The original "Lochjaw" cartridges had a very short shelf life and is therefore extremely rare.
By the end of 1982, Apollo also moved into designing games for the Atari 5200, ColecoVision, and Intellivision. None of these games made it into production before Apollo closed its doors in late 1983.
Early on, Roper spent much of the company's money on trying to emulate Activision. At one early staff meeting he was quoted as saying that "Activision had $26 million in sales its first year so Apollo would have $27. Activision had a campus with seven buildings, each seven stories, so Apollo would have eight buildings of eight stories." According to Salvo, he built up production and inventory to sell $27 million but sales didn’t happen. Roper also bought a helicopter rather than deal with Dallas’ congested Central Expressway, and hired an engineer to put it together and maintain it.
In late 1982, Ed Salvo, Terry Grantham, Mike Smith and one other employee left Apollo when it appeared that Roper was not taking the right steps to stay in business. Forming Video Software Specialists (VSS), they developed games for CBS Electronics, K-tel ("Xonox"), Sunrise, and Wizard Games. Salvo claims that two weeks after the four left, Apollo was forced into bankruptcy.
Under pressure from Benton & Bowles, the company's advertising agency, Apollo filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy on November 12, 1982. Apollo owed Benton & Bowles $2.5 million, which represented only half of the year-old firm's total debts. Apollo president Patrick Roper's hoped to reorganize the company and return in smaller form, but that did not come to pass. Programmer Larry Martin stayed until the end, recalling that he had been working around-the-clock for several weeks, trying to finish the game "Guardian". Immediately after he released it to manufacturing, the creditors moved in with court orders and shut the company down."

</doc>
<doc id="13727212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13727212" title="UK Property Shop">
UK Property Shop

UK Property Shop Ltd – trading as UK Property Shop – publishes an online directory of UK Estate Agents and Letting Agents known as The National Directory of Estate Agents.
UK Property Shop Ltd was registered as a limited company in 1999. The official Registered Office address is 2nd Floor, Union House, 182–194 Union Street, London, SE1 0LH and the company registration number is 3804008.
UK Property Shop Ltd was acquired by REA Group in July 2008. In August 2009, Zoopla acquired the PropertyFinder Group, consisting of the websites Propertyfinder.com, Hotproperty.co.uk and Ukpropertyshop.co.uk, with combined annual revenues of £7M, from prior owners the REA Group and News International for an undisclosed sum.
The National Directory of Estate Agents is a searchable database of estate agents and letting agents dealing with residential property in the UK. All agents are provided with a basic entry free of charge, but can pay to have their office promoted and for extra services. Individuals selling property privately (i.e. directly without an agent), as well as 'virtual' agents without a local business address, are prohibited from being listed in the directory. Access is free for viewers, who are capable of both finding estate agents in any location and linking to each agent's own website, as well as requesting information from estate agents about properties for sale or to rent.
In December 2007 the directory held details of about 18,300 offices of estate agents and letting agents. Of this total, just over 15,000 offices were dealing with property sales, 10,000 with residential lettings and around 1,300 with student rentals. There were just over 7,000 offices dealing with both sales and lettings, almost 8,000 offices dealing with sales only, around 3,200 dealing with lettings only and just 65 offices dealing exclusively with student rentals.
UK Property Shop also publishes a monthly 'Moving Location Index' report that ranks towns according to the proportion of people wishing to move into or away from that location.

</doc>
<doc id="13728009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13728009" title="TT Hellenic Postbank">
TT Hellenic Postbank

TT Hellenic Postbank (formerly the Greek Postal Savings Bank, "Tachidromiko Tamieftirio") was a commercial bank based in Athens, in Greece.
The bank's license was withdrawn in January 2013 and it was put into liquidation.

</doc>
<doc id="13729058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13729058" title="Calbee">
Calbee

Calbee sponsored the Tyrrell Racing F1 team from 1990 to 1994, when Japanese drivers Satoru Nakajima and then Ukyo Katayama drove for the team.
The company was also one of the sponsors for the anime, Tiger and Bunny. Alongside DMM.com, they sponsored the character of Dragon Kid.
http://www.calbee.com (Global website)
http://www.calbee.co.jp/index.php (Japanese website)

</doc>
<doc id="13732060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13732060" title="Premier Stores">
Premier Stores

Premier Stores are a symbol group within the Booker Group.
Premier is the UK’s leading symbol group with over 2,400 stores nationwide. All Premier stores are independently owned by retailers, and are generally local convenience stores, stocking branded and own brand products such as Euro Shopper and Happy Shopper.

</doc>
<doc id="13733968" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13733968" title="Inprocomm">
Inprocomm

Inprocomm, Inc. (formerly Integrated Programmable Communications, Inc.) was a wireless semiconductor design firm, based in Taiwan. The company originally focused on producing IEEE 802.11b, g and a/g chips before beginning to branch out to other portable devices. It was acquired by MediaTek, Inc. in early 2005.
Inprocomm produced seven wireless chip designs in total, along with accompanying reference designs for PCI, mini-PCI and CardBus. IPN2120 and IPN2220 are the most common; in particular, D-Link used an IPN2220 chip in their DI-624M router, and Linksys used the IPN2120 in some of their PCI cards (such as the WMP11 version 4) and mini-PCI cards. Linksys mini-PCI cards with IPN2220 can be found in some of the 2004 laptop models, such as the TravelMate 2300 and Aspire 1520 series from Acer, and the Packard Bell EasyNote A5560. Inprocomm chips have also been used in Buffalo and Toshiba products.

</doc>
<doc id="13735182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13735182" title="Colombo Dockyard">
Colombo Dockyard

Colombo Dockyard PLC (CDPLC) is the largest and oldest ship building company in Sri Lanka and is based in Colombo. It has built both military and civilian vessels for both local and overseas clients.
Colombo Dockyard established its operations in 1974 and is now Sri Lanka’s largest engineering facility in the business of ship repair, shipbuilding, heavy engineering and offshore engineering. It is situated within the Port of Colombo. It also has the benefits of a deep water harbour.
Colombo Dockyard has been continuously expanding its infrastructure facilities to meet with the ever-changing market requirement.
Colombo Dockyard operates four graving drydocks, the largest with a capacity of as well as extensive repair berth facilities. Colombo Dockyard is capable of working in compliance with all Classification Society Standards and in strict adherence to international Safety and Quality Standards. It is also accredited with the ISO 9001-2008 Quality Certification by LRQA, UK.
Colombo Dockyard operates in joint collaboration with Onomichi Dockyard Co. Ltd., Japan since 1993.
Twenty year anniversary marking the successful collaboration with Onomichi Dockyard Co. Ltd. was celebrated on March 26, 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="13736157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13736157" title="Asatsu-DK">
Asatsu-DK

Asatsu Inc. was established in 1956 by Masao Inagaki. On August 1998, it entered a business tie-up with the WPP Group. It soon merged with fellow advertising agency Dai-ichi Kikaku Co., Ltd. (established in 1951) to form Asatsu-DK (the DK stands for Dai-ichi Kikaku) on January 1, 1999. Masao Inagaki died on April 16, 2015.
It owns a variety of interests, including production studio NAS; animation studio Eiken; Nihon Bungeisha Publishing; film and print processor Taiyo Seihan; production studio Sun Artist Studio, Supervision Inc.; television commercial production house Prime Pictures; and creative services company Tokyo Ad Party.
Asatsu-DK is also involved in producing and providing its services to numerous anime series, through itself as well as its subsidiaries, including recent installments of Sunrise's Gundam series, such as the latest series "Mobile Suit Gundam 00", "Turn A Gundam", "Mobile Suit Gundam Seed" and "Mobile Suit Gundam Seed Destiny", as well as several other anime titles.

</doc>
<doc id="13736885" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13736885" title="VNG Corporation">
VNG Corporation

VNG Corporation (VNG) is a Vietnamese technology company, founded in 2004, specializing in digital content and online entertainment, social networking, and e-commerce.
The company has 30 million online/mobile users.
VNG was founded on 9 September 2004 under the name of VinaGame. From the first contract signed with Kingsoft, “Vo Lam Truyen Ky” became the first MMORPG in Vietnam. Within one month of operations, the game Võ Lâm Truyền Kỳ had 200,000 CCU.
VNG has two Data Centers Tier-3 standard, located in Ho Chi Minh City (Quang Trung, District 12) and Hanoi (Hoa Lac Hi-teck Park) with the total area of 1,700m2 and 1.2MV.
Those data centers are the main infrastructure platform to provide hosting services for hundreds of VNG online products such as web, music, movies, education, social network, payment, messaging, game, e-commerce.
Zuni is an online non-profit education project operated and invested by VNG and VNIF, which was officially published in March 2014. In June 2014, Zuni has nearly 124,000 members with more than 4,000 members active every day. Zuni was evaluated as one of the competent education projects right after its publishing, with 1466 exam samples, 618 video lectures and 124 major topics available currently.
ZingMP3 was launched in August, 2007, currently consisting of 2 versions: website and app on the iOS, Android and Windows Phone platforms.
Zing Mp3 application on smartphone has been one of the few most frequently downloaded ones in Vietnam in the past few years. When it was brought onto the mobile platform, Zing MP3 was an outstanding app of Vietnam with over 5 million downloads on Android 
VNG is one of the four main game publishers leading Vietnamese market with games such as: online games (MMORPG) like Võ Lâm Truyền Kỳ 1 and 2, Kiếm Thế, Phong Thần, as well as casual games like Zing Speed (racing), Zing Play, Boom Online, Gunny (webgame).
Zing Me is a social network operated by VNG, which was officially introduced in August 2009. It is integrated directly via Zing system with a variety of special applications like blogging, photo and music sharing, gaming, video clips, email.. In addition, Zing Me was the first social network in Vietnam that had the properties of a platform. It allows the third-party developing apps which use common infrastructure and sharing users via opening API (Application Programing Interface) in order to diversify the system contents... In March 2010, Zing Me launched its first version for mobile phones. With those achievements, Zing Me won “Outstanding Value-added Service in 2009” awarded by HCMC Department of Information and Communications on 27 March 2009; and the “Sao Khue” Award in 2010 for beingrated 4-star in the group of value-added products and services on Mobile/Internet 
After two year releasing, Zing Me reached its 8.2 million-user milestone in October 2011. Not only does Zing Me allow users to share their status updates and blog, it also allows them to communicate via photos, voices and emoticons. Zing Me is getting popular with more than one million photos shared by users everyday since June 2013 
Zalo is a free message and call application on mobile released on 8 August 2012. Its benefits are stable call quality and high security.
Zalo is free on iOS, Android, Windows Phone and Nokia Java. Zalo works well on all network infrastructure 2G, 2.5G, 3G, 4G and wifi. Besides free message and call, Zalo is also integrated social network function to improve users' connection. On 20 March 2014, Zalo achieved the point of 10 million users 
Zalo is a 100% Vietnamese app, created and operated by Vietnamese people, with many good features:
Zalo is used in 63 cities, provinces, distant islands Spratly and countries with large Vietnamese communities such as USA, Korea, Japan, Singapore At present many units use Zalo as an instrument of promotion and exploitation in economical and social activities. At the end of May, VTV has used Zalo as a bridge to transfer personal sentiment and thinking about Vietnam island and send encouragement to soldiers at Spratly. Coca-Cola, Mc Donald's... also choose Zalo as an advertisement channel.
In order to meet the needs of using internally as well as developing the external market, in 2010, VNG invested in R&D for an Online Payment Platform called 123Pay. This product is inherited and developed on the payment platform of ZingPay (a payment platform used for online games of VNG since 2005).
123Pay is connected and widely used in many fields varying from Digital Service(games online, high-quality online music); E-commerce (sales websites); to utility services like booking vacation tours and hotels, cinema/airline tickets, cell-phone top-ups, paying electricity/water/ADSL bills.
123Pay’s advantages including: Bank Link System which connects nearly all 40 banks in Vietnam, accepts international debit/credit cards from Visa, MasterCard; International-standard Security System: PCI DSS, Verisign, Trustware and Plus Bonus Point Accumulation System. Noticeably, in the beginning of 2014, 123Pay directly partnered with the biggest E-commerce credit card payment system management company, Cybersource(a Visa subsidiary) to utilize payment process and increase security as well as privacy for international debit and credit card users.
Laban Key is a Vietnamese keyboard for mobile devices developed by VNG. Laban Key was introduced in September 2013 by the Project Manager Pham Kim Long who is also the developer of the Windows input method editor UniKey. Since its first launch, the product has received a lot of positive feedbacks from users. In April 2014, Laban Key presented itself in the top-ranked apps on Google Play with 1 million downloads
Outstanding features:
Cyber Station Manager (CSM) is a free software of VNG for managing Internet agencies. The first version of CSM was published by VNG on 2 February 2006. There are currently 25,000 Internet shops nationwide using CSM to manage play time daily, extra services, game updates, automatic applications. CSM is now the most popular managing internet shops in Vietnam with over 60% of market share and over 2 million downloads every day. CSM is also got certified for offering national standards TCVN 8702:2011 as in Certificate of Conformance no. B0001310314CS01A3 on 31 March 2014. This Certificate of Conformance is awarded based on the most updated procedures issued in Decision no. 350/QĐ-CVT (new) on September 12, 2013 by Vietnam Telecommunications Authority – Vietnam Ministry of Information and Communications, a substitute for Decision no 75/QĐ-QLCL. In addition, CSM also won the Sao Khue Award in the years of 2009, 2012 and 2014 
VNG Digital ads is a service producing online advertisement campaigns that are deployed in different media solutions such as TV, News, Social, Offline and can be applied on many PCs, Mobile and Tablet devices.
VNG’s headquarter is located at the Flemington Building, Le Dai Hanh Street, Ho Chi Minh City. VNG also has other 7 branches located in big cities and provinces of Vietnam including Hanoi and Danang.
Staff at VNG is provided with a very comfortable working environment, with the “4 No, 6 Yes” criteria. The "4 No" include: no suits; no walls (open space, open mind); no ranks; no “office”. The "6 Yes" include: Playing games; Enjoying many benefits; Having a big family; Opportunities to discover; Making the best of oneself and Collaboratively develop the Internet to change Vietnamese life. As a result, in January 2014, according to a survey carried out by CareerBuilder with more than 17,000 participants, VNG was honored to be one of the 100 favorite employers in 2013.
Not only seeking for talents and experienced experts, VNG also recruits undergraduates from universities and technological colleges via annual internship programme in the hope of nurturing new talents as well as supporting VNG’s mission “Make the Internet change Vietnamese lives”.
One noticeable recruitment activity by VNG is the VNG Fresher Program which aimed at last-year students with different majors. The biannual program occurs in May and October. About 300 candidates are selected from Universities and Colleges in all around Vietnam to be interviewed for the internships at VNG.
VNG in particular and the game online industry in general are always closely observed by authorities for the risks of social problems related to playing games too much
In December 2010, the inspectors of HCMC Department of Information and Communications required VinaGame that they must eliminate violences in online games. The game "Biệt Đội Thần Tốc" (Sudden Attack) was closed in HCMC on 17 October 2011.
The Inspectors examined VNG's conformity to computer software copyright laws on February 23, leading to an official announcement to charge VinaGame 10 million dong as a fine for copyright infringement.
In addition, the inspectors ordered VinaGame to take down the infringed software and to commit to contacting the authors to discuss the legitimacy. After receiving the decision from Ministry of Culture - Sports and Tourism, VinaGame had to examine every single computer currently in use, prepare a list, and pay copyright fees for the software that was work-related 
In August 2007, when accessing mp3.zing.vn, which is a musical entertainment tool, you can find such popular names such as Bao Thy, Dan Truong, Duy Manh, Cam Ly, and even Thu Phuong and Bang Kieu – neither of them was allowed to publish songs in Vietnam. According to some lawyers, the websites, which enable searching, collecting and displaying songs, and allow online listening, infringe copyrights.
Between the days of 23 and 24 February 2009, inspectors discovered a software copyright infringement worth VND 5 billion (around US$295,000) during a sudden raid on Vinagame headquarter which is based at three offices in District 10, Ho Chi Minh city.
Among the illegal software products used at Nagecco were popular software such as Windows XP Professional SP2 OEM CD, Windows Serve CAL 2003 English MVL Device CAL, Microsoft Office, Office XP, Photoshop, and Lac Viet Dictionary.
As being known for publishing games imported from China and South Korea, VNG also tried to develop games with its own brands: in March 2010, VNG officially announced Thuan Thien Kiem which was researched and developed by VNG. In the beginning, thanks to being known as a "Original Vietnamese game", Thuan Thien Kiem attracted a great number of players. However, it was gradually closed due to poor contents and too many technical errors. The game closed on 8 March 2013.
First launched on 1 November 2010, VNG officially shut down Zing Deal from 2 February 2012 due to the loss in profit 
The cause for the shut-down of Vuong Quoc Chuot Chui is the violation of the copyright infringement with China. It was operated shortly, from 3 November 2011 to 26 December 2012.
September 2013: Chairman of HCMC People’s Committee Le Hoang Quan awarded merits to VNG in the recognition of many achievements in service business and participating in charities and social activities continutously in many years (from 2008 to 2012) (http://dangcongsan.vn/cpv/Modules/News/NewsDetail.aspx?co_id=10004&cn_id=608263)
October 2013: In the “Awarding Ceremony of HCMC Entrepreneurs 2013”, VNG had the honor to stand among the 105 entrepreneurs to get the award for “Outstanding HCMC Entrepreneurs 2013” 
April 2014: VNG was honored to achieve "Third-class Labor Medal " signed by President of Socialist Republic of Vietnam and Merits awarded by the Prime Minister to Lê Hồng Minh, Chairman and CEO of VNG 

</doc>
<doc id="13737587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13737587" title="Chess Communication">
Chess Communication

Chess Communication was a Norwegian mobile virtual network operator. Owned by TeliaSonera it used its sister company NetCom's network. The company had about 500,000 customers.
The company was founded by A-Pressen in 1999 but sold to Idar Vollvik in 2002. He merged the company with the operator Sense that was owned by Reitangruppen, who also received a partial ownership in Chess. In 2006 Vollvik sold Chess to the Swedish multinational TeliaSonera for NOK 1.6 billion. The largest loser in the deal was Telenor who lost an estimated NOK 600–800 million per year in income because Chess moved their customers from the Telenor network to the TeliaSonera owned NetCom network. The company was deleted from the Register of Business Enterprises on the 11th of November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="13737748" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13737748" title="Bunker Oil (company)">
Bunker Oil (company)

Bunker Oil AS is a Norwegian downstream petroleum company that operates four major and sixteen smaller oil tank facilities as well as 20 fuel stations. The main tank facilities are located in Hessa, Tromsø, Hammerfest and Båtsfjord. It also operates bunker oil services in Trondheim Port and Ålesund Port.
In 1992, the company bought the tank facilities of Mobil north of Stadt. The main customer is Esso.

</doc>
<doc id="13737791" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13737791" title="Music Village">
Music Village

Music Village is one of the oldest, continuing music store and education chains in San Jose, California, with two stores in the city.
Joe Teixeira opened Music Village in 1964, as he saw that there was an opportunity to sell musical instruments to his music students. The first store opened in the Cambrian Park, California neighborhood, and has been the go-to music store in the region since then, followed by a second one at the Santa Teresa, San Jose, California neighborhood, which opened in the 1970s.
According to its first owner's testimony to the NAMM Show, Music Village was instrumental in keeping music alive in the region when California Proposition 13 (1978) passed, as it dramatically reduced the funding public schools received, cutting the music budget. Music Village would at the time provide music teachers to schools, so they could keep their music programs alive.

</doc>
<doc id="13737946" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13737946" title="Incitec Pivot">
Incitec Pivot

Incitec Pivot Ltd. () is an Australian multinational corporation that manufactures fertiliser, explosives chemicals, and mining service. Incitec Pivot is the largest supplier of fertilisers in Australia; the largest supplier of explosives products and services in North America; and the second largest supplier of explosives products and services in the world. The company began trading on the ASX on 30 July 2003 having been formed as the result of a merger between Incitec Fertilizers and the Pivot group, and substantially expanded with the acquisition of Southern Cross Fertilisers in 2006 and Dyno Nobel in 2008.
Employing approximately 5,000 staff worldwide, Incitec Pivot has extensive operations throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Australia. In 2005, the company struck a deal with the Government of Nauru to re-develop the country's phosphate mining industry, which had fallen into disrepair. The company invested $5 million to facilities and machinery, and phosphate mining resumed in late 2006.
Incitec Pivot bases a large part of its fertilizer production on imports of phosphate rock from Western Sahara, a territory which has been occupied by Morocco since 1975. Since such imports are considered in violation of international law, Incitec Pivot has been blacklisted from portfolios of several ethical investors including the United Methodist Church, Danske Bank, Storebrand, KLP, and the national pension funds of Sweden and Luxembourg.

</doc>
<doc id="13738713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13738713" title="Britains">
Britains

Britains, earlier known by the founder's name W. Britain, is a toy company known for its diecast lead soldiers. The company, however, with its factory in London, also diversified into other associated toys such as diecast zamac military trucks, agriculture and commercial vehicles, and toy automobiles.
The W. Britain brand name of toy and collectable soldiers is derived from a company founded by William Britain Jr., a British toy manufacturer, who in 1893 invented the process of hollow casting in lead, and revolutionized the production of toy soldiers. The company quickly became the industry leader, and was imitated by many other companies, such as Hanks Bros. and John Hill and Co. (Gibbs 2009; Joplin 1996). The style and scale of Britain's figures became the industry standard for toy soldiers for many years.
In 1907 the family proprietorship, William Britain & Sons, incorporated as Britains, Ltd. The Britain family controlled the firm until 1984 when it was sold to a British conglomerate, Dobson Park Industries. They combined the operations with an existing line of toys and renamed the company Britains Petite, Ltd. (Opie 1993). During the first half of the 20th century, Britains expanded its range and market. By 1931 the firm employed 450 at its London factory. The catalogue had expanded to 435 sets and twenty million models a year were being produced. (Wallis 1981).
In the early 1950s Britains was associated with W. Horton Toys and Games which made the diecast Lilliput ranges of small-scale rather generic cars and trucks and other vehicles. Later, Britains acquired Herald Miniatures, plastic figures designed by Roy Selwyn-Smith. The company was also known for its American Revolutionary War soldiers.
In the 1950s, besides soldiers, a variety of vehicles began to appear, mostly in the military field. One such detailed diecast vehicle was a Royal Artillery 4.5" Howitzer towable cannon that fired toy shells. For a toy, it was intricately designed, with a special threaded post with rotating knob to raise and lower the cannon. Also in early 1950s, one of the first Britains vehicles was a Bluebird land speed record car of famed driver Sir Malcolm Campbell. It had a removable body and the box showed a detailed cut-away illustration of the car.
In 1966 safety regulations in the United Kingdom combined with rising costs halted the production of lead toy soldiers. Britains shifted most production of Herald plastic to Hong Kong from 1966. In 1971 Britains started Deetail plastic figures with metal bases that were initially manufactured in England but later outsourced to China.
When production stopped, the range of catalogued lead sets exceeded 2200. In 1973 Britains introduced New Metal models, which are die cast in a durable alloy. Initially these sets were aimed at the British souvenir market. In 1983 Britains responded to a growing collectors' market by introducing additional models and limited edition sets. This range was greatly expanded over the next 20 years and included die-cast versions of their old toy soldiers, some made from original moulds. These, as well as their lines of Deetail plastic figures and accessories, and their older sets have become highly collectable.
Some diecast vehicles entered Britains production in the few years just following World War II, like the accurately painted no. 128f Fordson Major tractor in the "Model Farm" series (Rixon 2005, p. 123). It wasn't until the 1960s, however, that the company began regularly manufacturing military and agricultural vehicles and accessories, ostensibly to be used with figurines, but several lines of vehicles were made in their own right. Land Rovers, and later Range Rovers, were probably the most common offering (both traditional and newer versions), but farm tractors and a wide variety of farm implements appeared. Various commercial lorries — such as a 1:43 scale milk tanker, flat bed, tipper, and cement mixer — also appeared. A line of military vehicles was offered, and, rather oddly considering the previous military and agricultural orientation, a selection of racing motorcycles.
In 1997 Britains Petite, Ltd was bought by Ertl Company of Iowa, a maker of die-cast toys. Ertl was subsequently bought by Round 2 LLC, another American die-cast miniature and plastic kit maker. At this time, production of toy soldiers was moved to China. In 2005, the W. Britains brand was acquired by First Gear, an American maker of die-cast collectibles. This firm produces and sells mostly contemporary matte-style figures to the collectors market under the W. Britain brand. Kenneth A. Osen was the master sculptor for W. Britain until June, 2013 when he was appointed General Manager & Creative Director. Sculpting continues to be done by Ken Osen, Alan Ball and Graham Scollick. All figures are sculpted by hand, to scale, before duplication. On January 30, 2012 Bachmann Europe Plc became the sole distributor of all W. Britain figures in the U.K and Continental Europe (Britain 2013-2015).

</doc>
<doc id="13740272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13740272" title="Adecco Group North America">
Adecco Group North America

Adecco Group North America was founded in 1982 as "Accustaff Incorporated" in Jacksonville and changed its name to "J, Inc." in 2002. With revenues of US$2.2 billion in 2008, the company had clients in over 200 office locations. The company sells its services (like Cosmos) to industries and governmental agencies through the following primary brands:
Adecco Group North America operates in two divisions: professional services and information technology (IT) Services. The professional services division provides staffing and recruitment services in the disciplines of accounting and finance, law, engineering, property and health care. This division also offers technical and engineering workforce services; places temporary and full-time employees in attorney, paralegal, legal administrative, and legal secretarial positions, as well as in accounting and finance positions.
The IT services division provides placement of IT contract consultants for IT project support and staffing, recruitment of full-time positions, project-based solutions, supplier management solutions, and onsite recruiting support for application development, systems integration and enterprise application integration.
MPS Group sponsored the MPS Group Championships, a Women's Tennis Association event held in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida in 2009 and 2010. The tournament was discontinued in 2011 due to scheduling changes for WTA Tour spring events.
On October 20, 2009, the company announced it was being acquired by Swiss company Adecco Group for US$1.3 billion in cash. Jacksonville became Adecco's center for professional staffing in North America. The merger was completed in the first quarter of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="13740683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13740683" title="Victoria Machinery Depot">
Victoria Machinery Depot

Victoria Machinery Depot Ltd. was a ship builder located in Victoria, British Columbia, Canada.
This was a historic metalworks and shipyard in Victoria, Canada. From the late 1850s on, with the Fraser Canyon and Cariboo Gold Rushes British Columbia (BC) was dependent upon Californian supplies and ships. To prevent United States domination of the British Colony, Governor James Douglas passed laws restricting US shipping. To encourage BC shipping a yard and ironworks was established—the Albion Iron Works was started by Joseph Spratt on May 4, 1863.
The name derives from the latin word "Alba" for white, itself a reference to the white cliffs of Dover or, more often, Scotland. British Columbia was known as "New Albion" for a time and hence the name of the iron works. The first yard sat on the south bank of Victoria's inner harbour on Bay Street, just before the Bay Street bridge at Point Ellice. The yard turned out boilers, engines, and pipes for early steamers. The hulls were made of wood on slips in the yard. Later the yard turned out ships, like the sternwheeler SS "Mount Royal". Albion Iron Works went through several business changes and merged with Victoria Machinery Depot, taking the latter's name in 1888. It did essential war work in both world wars.
Later on the yard turned out several BC Ferries vessels. In 1965–1967 it also made the oil drilling platform "SEDCO 135-F" for exploration by Shell Canada in Hecate Strait. At the time of its construction "SEDCO 135-F" was the largest semi-submersible platform in the world and was the first platform constructed in British Columbia. The $10 million rig rose 50 metres above the water in the docks at VMD (before submersion). After the 1967 launch and 3 years of exploration off the BC coast it was towed and worked at oil fields in New Zealand, the North Sea, and the Gulf of Mexico. On June 3, 1979 the rig was drilling for PEMEX at the Ixtoc I site in the Gulf of Mexico and suffered a blowout that led to one of the 
largest single source oil spills in history. By June 12 the oil slick measured 180 km by 80 km. The leak was not capped until March 23, 1980 after which an estimated 3.5 million barrels of oil had already spread over the gulf.
"SEDCO 135-F" was one of the last seagoing vessels built by VMD.
In business until the 1990s the company turned to pressure vessels and submarines, but the historic firm went under in the business contractions of the decade and was finally shut down in 1994.
The yards were one of several contractors to the Royal Canadian Navy for ship repair and maintenance.

</doc>
<doc id="13740808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13740808" title="TD Auto Finance">
TD Auto Finance

TD Auto Finance is a financial-services provider. The company offers wholesale finance plans of many kinds: dealer finance plans, dealer services, retail consumer finance plans, lease programs, and auto-insurance programs.
As Chrysler Financial, the company supported financial products and services to both dealers and purchasers of Chrysler, Jeep and Dodge vehicles in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Puerto Rico and Venezuela. It was based in Farmington Hills, Michigan, with a final total of 3,600 employees, and a global contract of $75 billion as of 2007.
In January 2009, Chrysler Financial was the recipient of $1.5 billion from the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP). The company said that it used the money to fund 85,000 loans to purchase Chrysler automobiles. Chrysler Financial repaid the TARP loan in July 2009 by raising funds from an asset-backed securitization through the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility program.
In December 2010, Toronto-Dominion Bank announced it would acquire Chrysler Financial for $6.3 billion from private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management. The company was renamed TD Auto Finance in early June 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="13741359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13741359" title="Mstar (Internet service provider)">
Mstar (Internet service provider)

Mstar, originally headquartered in Murray, Utah but later relocated to Orem, Utah, was a fiber optic internet service provider in the state of Utah, USA. Mstar provided Internet, telephone (VoIP) and television services (IPTV) via fiber optics. Mstar was a provider of services over municipally owned backbones, namely the Utah Telecommunication Open Infrastructure Agency (UTOPIA) and IProvo.
Launched in 1998 as Deseret Online by The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, Mstar began as a provider of value-added IP-based services to the Church’s educational institutions around the world.
In June 2002, the company was acquired by Chicago Venture Partners, L.P. (CVP) a private equity investment firm which specializes in buyouts, late stage growth equity investments and private investment in public equity (PIPES).
In June 2004, Mstar purchased Burgoyne Internet Services and nearly doubled its audience base. In March 2005, Mstar became the first company to launch services over the fiber to the premises (FTTP) network owned by UTOPIA.
In May 2009, Mstar was acquired by Prime Time Communications, a facilities based provider of IPTV, VoIP and Internet services in Denver, Colorado. Prime Time brought a much expanded HD lineup, MPEG4 video, updated IPTV middle-ware platform and in-house Broadworks VoIP platform.

</doc>
<doc id="13743700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13743700" title="Innodata">
Innodata

Innodata Inc., formerly "Innodata Isogen, Inc.", is an American company that provides business process, technology and consulting services. The company also provides products that aim to help clients create, manage, use and distribute digital information.
As of June 2012, Innodata has a client base that includes many preeminent media, publishing and information services companies, as well as enterprises in information-intensive industries such as aerospace, defense, financial services, government, healthcare, high technology, insurance, intelligence, manufacturing and law.
Founded in 1988, Innodata employs more than 5,000 people worldwide. It is headquartered at Hackensack, NJ, and has additional offices in Europe, Israel, India, the Philippines, Sri Lanka and a business presence in China.
Innodata Inc. was founded in 1988 in New York City to provide digitized content and created quality assurance and audit procedures.
By 1992, the year the company went public, Innodata had grown to more than 1,000 employees worldwide. Throughout the decade, the company opened major facilities in the Philippines, Sri Lanka and India.
The company tripled its revenue to $60 million from $20 million between 1999 and 2001.
Innodata acquired Isogen International in 2001 and integrated both of the company’s content management and publishing technologies, structured information standards and outsourcing services. In 2003, the name of Innodata Isogen Inc. was formally adopted by the company.
Starting in 2007, the company started taking advantage of the growing popularity of e-books to become a producer of technology and processes for transforming books into e-book formats for distribution and sell-through on tablets and e-readers. Innodata has produced over 1.2 million e-books and is distributing more than 1,500 e-books per day across 25 global platforms and e-bookstores.
In 2011, the company launched a new segment, Innodata Advanced Data Solutions, to develop products designed to help companies outside the information and publishing industries adapt to the public’s rapid adoption of digital and mobile devices. Within this segment, they started two new subsidiaries, Synodex and DocGenix.
In 2012, the company changed its name back to “Innodata”. This move became official on June 5, 2012 when Innodata’s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation to change the Company’s name from “Innodata Isogen, Inc.” to “Innodata Inc.”
In July 2014, Innodata acquired MediaMiser Ltd. (“MediaMiser”), a media monitoring and analysis company based in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada that provides software and professional services for public relations and marketing professionals.
In December 2014, Innodata acquired intellectual property and related assets of Bulldog Reporter, a PR company providing PR industry newsletters, journalist databases, media intelligence and professional development programs.

</doc>
<doc id="13744254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13744254" title="GlobalPlatform">
GlobalPlatform

GlobalPlatform is a non-profit association creates and publishes specifications for secure chip technology.
GlobalPlatform members drive the organization through a Board of Directors, an Advisory Council, three technical committees five strategic task forces; ID, internet-of-things, mobile, premium content, security and also two regional task forces : China and Japan. Day-to-day activity is managed by an executive team comprising an executive director, technical director, operations secretariat and compliance secretariat.
The membership collectively creates organizational strategy and defines technical work priorities for the committees and market task forces.
The GlobalPlatform membership combines active representation from diverse sectors closely associated with secure chip technology deployment, including payment, mobile NFC, government/ID, transit, healthcare and retail. Sector specific members include payment associations, mobile network operators, public sector organizations and government agencies.

</doc>
<doc id="13744298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13744298" title="Real Journeys">
Real Journeys

Real Journeys is a major South Island and New Zealand award winning tourism company, privately owned by the Hutchins family since 1954. It operates world renowned cruises in Milford and Doubtful Sounds, the legendary vintage steamship TSS "Earnslaw" on Lake Wakatipu, the Te Anau-au glowworm caves, Stewart Island ferry services, excursions and lodge accommodation as well as Cardrona Alpine Resort and the International Antarctic Centre and is recognised as one of the most influential contributors to the country’s international tourism profile.
Founders Sir Les and Olive Lady Hutchins originally established the Manapouri-Doubtful Sound Tourist Company and later purchased Fiordland Travel in 1966 which was rebranded in 2002 as Real Journeys.
The early focus was on tourist boating and cruising enterprises on Lakes Manapouri and Te Anau, Lake Wakatipu, Milford Sound and Doubtful Sound. However in the 1980s both a luxury coach passenger service and a flightseeing air service, between Queenstown and Milford, were introduced signalling the company’s innovative and entrepreneurial stance.
Real Journeys, also highly respected for its commitment to many conservation projects in the southern region, has diversified and expanded its tourist interests in recent years.
The purchase of the prominent Cardrona Alpine Resort ski area in 2013 is one of its most significant acquisitions. The ski area recorded its best season on record in 2016 influenced by Real Journeys’ continued investment in facilities and infrastructure.
The group of companies owned by Real Journeys include the Stewart Island Experience launched in 2004 and Wild Kiwi Encounter, operated as a joint tourism venture with the Rakiura Maori Lands Trust, which was purchased in 2016. Christchurch’s International Antarctic Centre was added to the stable in 2015 and Queenstown Rafting, in which Real Journeys had been a 50% partner since 1996, was bought outright in 2016 along with the company’s associate coach services company Kiwi Discovery.
Real Journeys founders Sir Les and Olive Lady Hutchins were pioneers in the Southern Lakes tourism industry in the 1950s and in for his services he was awarded the Distinguished Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in 2002 which posthumously became a knighthood.
It was the Hutchins’ vision and foresight which led to the formation of the Manapouri-Doubtful Sound Tourist Company in May 1954, after purchasing the assets – two old launches, the "Pilgrim" and the "Constance", and a small hut – from the estate of the legendary Les Murrell who had been transporting tourists across Lake Manapouri and connecting with a walk to Doubtful Sound since 1921.
The Manapouri-Doubtful Sound Tourist Company’s excursion followed the same itinerary with a cruise on Lake Manapouri to West Arm followed by a 17 km walk over Wilmot Pass to Deep Cove in Doubtful Sound. Here the company built a lodge, incorporating the original Murrell hut, to accommodate tourists during the four-day trip.
Later the company was awarded the transport contract during the construction of the Manapouri Power Station carrying staff and materials from Manapouri to West Arm.
The Hutchins were, however, motivated by an overriding desire to share their passion for the Fiordland region with visitors and in 1966 they purchased Fiordland Travel (Te Anau). The company had been established by tourism identities Lawson Burrows and Wilson Campbell in the 1940s and operated various contracts on Lake Te Anau, including tours of the 12,000 year old Te Anau-au glowworm caves which Burrows discovered in 1948.
In 1969 Fiordland Travel turned its attention to Queenstown and Lake Wakatipu.
The TSS "Earnslaw", launched by the Government on Lake Wakatipu in 1912, was floundering under the ownership of the New Zealand Railways Department. There was even talk of scuttling the vessel but she was chartered to a private syndicate at the eleventh hour on January 1, 1969. The new ownership was short lived and, eyeing an opportunity, Fiordland Travel applied for was granted the lease of the historic steamer and on December 12, 1969 and began transporting freight and passengers to the head of the lake under their colours.
In 1982 the company purchased the vessel outright and today the TSS "Earnslaw" is the oldest coal fired passenger steamship still operating in the southern hemisphere.
In 1991, Fiordland Travel secured the lease of the Walter Peak high tourist operation and the TSS "Earnslaw" began daily excursions to the high country station on the western shores of Lake Wakatipu. Visitors to Walter Peak today can enjoy a farming experience, guided cycling excursions and horse trekking.
The historic Colonel’s House restaurant at Walter Peak, which takes its name from an early owner, is recognised for its outstanding cuisine and is a popular dining out venue for visitors and Queenstown residents.
The TSS "Earnslaw", affectionately known as the "Lady of the Lake", is one of New Zealand’s best known tourism icons. When she celebrated her 100th birthday in October 2012 thousands of people took part in the festivities reinforcing the high regard she is held in around the world.
In 1966 Milford Sound was on Fiordland Travel’s radar but discussions with the Tourist Hotel Corporation (THC) to buy their tourist launches broke down and it was not till 1970 that the Hutchins made their foray into Milford, challenging the government monopoly there.
The Department of Lands and Survey indicated at the time that it would let another concession for a tourist launch service in Milford Sound. Determined to win the privilege the Hutchins purchased a 16-metre cruiser, the MV Friendship, which was tailor made for the purpose. However, when the Department inexplicably decided not to appoint another concessionaire Fiordland Travel was left at the crossroads.
Standing firm over their plan to enter into the Milford Sound market the Hutchins sailed the "MV Friendship" from Doubtful Sound to Milford overnight late in December 1970 and set up business from a prefabricated pontoon wharf, catching the THC unawares.
Business quickly took off largely because Fiordland Travel already had a contract with inbound operator, Trans Tours, to provide Milford Sound cruises for their tour groups.
Despite the strong opposition from THC, Fiordland Travel held its ground playing a major role in the development of tourism in Milford Sound which has led to the area becoming one of the country’s most significant tourist destinations.
In 1974 the company launched its first tourist vessel at Doubtful Sound. Today Real Journeys operates over 15 vessels in Fiordland and provides both daytime and overnight cruises in Milford and Doubtful Sounds.
Discovery expeditions to Dusky Sound in Fiordland and along the Stewart Island coast are also operated ranging from five to seven days on the "Milford Wanderer" which is purpose-built for the voyages.In 1984 Fiordland Travel introduced a luxury coach service from Queenstown to connect with their tourist excursions at Manapouri, Te Anau and Milford Sound. Today the distinctive Real Journeys “bullet” coaches, with their glass roofs and tiered and angled seating for better viewing, are state-of-the-art.
Fiordland Travel added another dimension to its tourist activities in 1987 establishing a flightseeing air service between Queenstown and Milford Sound. Firstly it flew Cessna planes followed by the introduction of Nomad aircraft.
In 1993 Fiordland Travel’s airline operation and the Mount Cook service to Milford merged to form a joint venture under the banner of Milford Sound Flightseeing. Fiordland Travel subsequently purchased the company outright.
Later, Real Journeys combined its fixed wing airline services with those of Totally Tourism in another joint venture called Milford Sound Flights.
Totally Tourism’s 50 per cent shareholding was subsequently purchased by Skyline Enterprises and in late 2015 Real Journeys sold its half share to Skyline, retaining a supply agreement for air services to Milford.
Conservation has an important place in the Real Journeys story and is a cornerstone of its business. Inspired by Sir Les Hutchins who was committed to Fiordland and its protection the company is dedicated to continuing his legacy to protect the heritage and preserve the environment of the communities it works in.
Considerable funds are donated annually to conservation projects that support habitats, recovering species and clean-up initiatives. An annual Birds of the Feather charity ball organised by Real Journeys helps fundraise for the Department of Conservation’s (DOC) work in the area. In 2015 the inaugural ball raised $40,000 for the preservation of the endangered kakapo (Māori: kākāpō or "night parrot").
In 2016 the function raised $65,000 for the Tamatea/Dusky Sound Restoration Project. Some of the funds are earmarked for a $300,000 project, adopted by Real Journeys, to make Cooper Island in Dusky Sound predator free.
In 2013 Real Journeys purchased a 155 hectare site it had previously leased at Walter Peak on the far shores of Lake Wakatipu and embarked on a major land restoration project. In 2015 the company was awarded a Department of Conservation (DOC) Certificate of Appreciation, for its role in clearing the land of vast areas of invasive wilding pines that threaten the Queenstown and Central Otago landscape, and replacing them with native bush and grassland.
The Certificate of Appreciation also recognised the company’s kākāpo fundraising and awareness projects and relocation support for the rare whio (blue duck) from the Milford Track to near the Routeburn Track to help boost breeding pairs.
The Leslie Hutchins Conservation Fund, set up by Sir Les Hutchins before his death, reflects his enthusiasm for supporting efforts to protect and preserve New Zealand’s southern lakes and conservation areas. The aim of the fund is also to reduce financial barriers to allow all New Zealanders to experience and enjoy Fiordland, particularly people who are “at risk” or disadvantaged.
Every year visitors to Doubtful Sound contribute more than $50,000 to this fund via a $1 passenger levy. Projects supported in the past include dolphin research, protection programmes for endangered birds, track and interpretation signage, outdoor education camps and wilding pine eradication.

</doc>
<doc id="13744945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13744945" title="Global Broadcasting">
Global Broadcasting

Global Broadcasting LLC. was a private broadcasting company in the United States. Global was a Delaware corporation based in San Francisco, California and Providence, Rhode Island and was founded by Kevin O'Brien and Robinson Ewert. Founded in early 2007, Global owned WLNE-TV, the ABC affiliate in Providence from 2007-2011. This was the company's first and only television station, purchased from Irvine, California-based Freedom Communications in 2007, who previously owned WLNE since 1983. The owners of Global Broadcasting planned to expand into other regions of the country; however, they were unable to acquire any additional stations.
When Global took over WLNE, they initiated a major overhaul on the station's lagging news operation. They began by updating the station's logo and construting a new set. They also introduced new faces in talent and management from around the country. Steve Doerr, a former NBC News executive, was named vice president and general manager. Infamous former Providence mayor Vincent "Buddy" Cianci was brought on as "Chief Political Analyst". Allison Alexander was hired from WOIO in Cleveland, Ohio as the new main anchor. Also, anchor/reporter Paul Mueller and veteran meteorologist Steve Cascione returned to the station.
There was also an increase in the hours of news per week. On January 14, 2008, WLNE launched "ABC6 News First At Four", the market's first 4 o'clock newscast. It also featured the market's only 3-person anchor team of Allison Alexander, Melissa Mahan, and Paul Mueller, which was later cut down to 2. With the departure of "Chief Meteorologist" Mark Searles to WJAR, morning/noon meteorologist Fred Campagna was promoted to "Chief", with Steve Cascione taking his place on the renamed "Good Morning Providence," which was increased from 1 hour to 2, plus an extra hour on NewsChannel 5, formerly the "Rhode Island News Channel (RINC)", available only on Cox Cable systems in Rhode Island. Morning anchor John DeLuca was also promoted to co-anchor of the 6 and 11 o'clock newscasts with Alexander. The station's corner "bug" was updated to include time and temperature and a news ticker was added to newscasts. In April 2008, new updated graphics were introduced, a music package from 615 Music began being used, and Bill Ratner was added as station voiceover.
Ratings steadily increased. WLNE promoted its news as "New England's Fastest Growing News" and put more emphasis on hard news coverage and feature reporting than ever before. Some argued that the station was putting too much sensationalism in its news, which was a key factor in "Chief Reporter" Jim Hummel's decision to leave the station in July 2008 after over a decade with the station. In 2009, the station launched a 10 o'clock Sunday morning newscast in May and a 7 o'clock weeknight newscast in June. They also occasionally aired a 10 o'clock newscast on "NewsChannel 5" on nights when sports or other special programming pre-empted the 10 o'clock news on WNAC. At its peak, the station was offering 37 hours of news per week on both "ABC6" and "NewsChannel 5".
For many years, WLNE carried the syndicated shows "Dr. Phil", "Rachael Ray", "Entertainment Tonight", "The Insider", and "Inside Edition" from CBS Television Distribution. However, in mid-2009, the station was unable to reach a carriage agreement with the syndicator, formerly known as King World. At that time, the station was carrying "Dr. Phil", "Entertainment Tonight", and "Inside Edition". As a result of the situation, the shows were dropped on June 5 and quickly moved to WNAC. Temporarily put in their place were "Cristina's Court", "Family Court with Judge Penny", and "Who Wants To Be A Millionaire". On June 16, CBS filed a lawsuit against Global Broadcasting for failing to fully pay license fees for the shows and a breach of contract. The syndicator sought $5 million from the company.
On June 23, NewsBlues reported that Global Broadcasting co-owner Robinson Ewert had left the company amidst the dispute with CBS. He was replaced by Rob Holtzer, general sales manager at Sunrise Sports and Entertainment, owner of the NHL's Florida Panthers and the BankAtlantic Center in Sunrise, Florida. He is also a former national sales manager at the YES Network in New York.
Global Broadcasting filed for receivership (Rhode Island's equivalent to bankruptcy) on July 29, 2010 due to declining advertising revenues. Providence attorney Matthew McGowan was appointed receiver. A month later, the station was put up for sale for the second time in four years. According to "The Providence Journal", several groups had expressed interest in purchasing the station and a deal was projected to be reached by the end of the year. On December 13, 2010, rumors surfaced that WLNE would be acquired by A.H. Belo Corp., and that its operations would be merged with those of "The Providence Journal". However, it was also noted that A.H. Belo Corp. was formed by the spin-off of the non-broadcasting assets of Belo Corporation. Belo itself was considered a likelier candidate due to the strength of its operations in southern and western markets, and its operation of regional news channels much like WLNE's own Newschannel 5.
On February 10, 2011, Citadel Communications of Bronxville, New York was chosen as the stalking horse bid in the sale of the station with a bid of $4 million. Five other groups (including one led by former Providence mayor Joseph Paolino) were also interested in purchasing the station and had until March 18 to submit competing bids prior to auction. On March 17, ABC notified potential buyers that WLNE's affiliation with the network beyond March 31, 2011 is not assured, which Global Broadcasting CEO Kevin O'Brien said could depress the final price WLNE is sold for at auction. Some observers feared that this could prompt one or more of the six companies believed to be bidding for WLNE to withdraw from bidding for the station, which may even force it off the air if no sale is made. On March 22, Citadel Communications was approved as the new owner of WLNE by receiver Matthew McGowan. The company met the approval of ABC and took over station operation on May 1 under a local marketing agreement (LMA) with McGowan and Global as "Global Communications LLC." until the sale was approved by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), at which point Citadel would assume full ownership. Citadel is unrelated to the former Citadel Broadcasting Corporation, which owned several radio stations in the Providence market before being acquired by Cumulus Media in 2011.
CEO Kevin O'Brien tried to appeal the sale of WLNE in court, arguing that attorney McGowan did not try hard enough to achieve a higher sale price for WLNE. However, he did not succeed in his efforts, and on June 1, it was announced that the FCC had approved the license transfer, therefore finalizing the acquisition.
Global Broadcasting was not related to a Canadian network, the Global Television Network, or its parent, Canwest Global Communications.

</doc>
<doc id="13745058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13745058" title="Snooth">
Snooth

Snooth is a social networking website based in New York City, United States. It was founded in November 2006 by Philip J. K. James, a graduate of Oxford University and Columbia Business School. The company raised $300,000 in seed financing in December 2006. Snooth has built an online community for wine drinkers; users can research, review and shop for wine on the site.
In 2008, Snooth receives the Model of Excellence Award from infoCommerce.
In 2010, Snooth becomes 2010 Wine Blog Awards Finalist.
In August 2010, Snooth is named Finalist in Lead411's New York City Hot 125
The site has been noted in Decanter (magazine), the New York Daily News, and the New York Post.
In November 2007, the company raised another $1 million from angel investors to expand its operations and merchant relationships.
In 2013, Snooth's Co-Founder and former CTO Mark Angelillo was named CEO.

</doc>
<doc id="13746144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13746144" title="J. J. Ugland">
J. J. Ugland

The J. J. Ugland Companies is a group of shipping companies based in Grimstad, Norway. The group consists of eleven handysize bulk carriers, eight tankers, eleven barges, one heavy weight crane vessel and two tug boats. The company also owns the Nymo yard.
Shipping is performed by the subsidiaries A/S Uglands Rederi and Ugland Shipping AS, while bulk shipping is performed by Ugland Bulk Transport A/S. Operation of the barges is performed by the Stavanger-based Ugland Construction AS. Technical management is performed by Ugland Marine Services AS.

</doc>
<doc id="13749975" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13749975" title="Nordicphotos">
Nordicphotos

NordicPhotos is a collection of seven Nordic image collections, Tiofoto, Mira, Greatshots, IMS, Siluet, Nordic and the royalty free collection, Simply North. Together it is one of the largest image collection of Nordic imagery, with over 5 million images and 300 photographers.
NordicPhotos was founded in 2000 by Arnaldur Gauti Johnson, Kjartan Dagbjartsson, Hreinn Ágústsson and Thor Ólafsson with funding from The Icelandic New Business Venture Fund. In 2003 the company started expanding and has for the past years, strengthened its foundation when acquiring some of the most well known and respected picture agencies in Sweden. Companies with a history dating back more than 60 years. Today NordicPhotos has established itself as one of the leading picture agencies in the Nordic countries.
NordicPhotos has offices in Reykjavík, Iceland, Stockholm, Sweden and Oslo, Norway and represents many image collections in the Nordic countries.

</doc>
<doc id="13752554" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13752554" title="Isofoton">
Isofoton

ISOFOTON was a global company, present in over 60 countries. ISOFOTON was involved in designing, manufacturing, and supplying Solar Energy products. Its activities were centered in three technology categories: Photovoltaic, Thermal, and High Concentration Photovoltaic.
ISOFOTON was founded in Málaga (Spain) in 1981 as a spin-off of a university project driven by Professor D. Antonio Luque of the Polytechnic University of Madrid, its first Chairman of the Board.
In 1985 ISOFOTON consolidated its activities in the solar energy field, incorporating the production technology of thermal collectors.
In 1997 the Bergé Group became the owner of ISOFOTON.
In July 2007 the Alba Corporation bought 26% of the company with the intention of joining the stock market.
In February 2008, company CEO José Luis Manzano was relieved from duty. Carlos Torres, former managing director of Endesa, took his place.
In July of the same year, the Bergé Group bought back 26% of ISOFOTON, property of Alba Corporation.
In July 2010 ISOFOTON was acquired by AFFIRMA Business Group (80% ownership)and TOPTEC (20% ownership), a South Korean company that specializes in industrial automation.
In 2013 the company was investigated for inappropriate use of public funds and approached bankruptcy, finally closed down its facilities in January 2014.
The factory in Málaga had more than 28000 m of facilities and is located in the Andalusia Technology Park. 
Production did include:
ISOFOTON worked in collaboration with universities and research centers in Spain and around the world. Among its principal strategic alliances, they have agreements with companies such as INDRA for the development of trackers designed for HCPV modules, or the ISFOC for research in this field.
Many research projects held by ISOFOTON had an international dimension. ISOFOTON was involved in several projects in the FP7 (Seventh Framework Programme for research and technological development). One of them is related to high concentration photovoltaic technology and three are dedicated to silicon technology.
2015, the company went bankrupt and its remaining assets, which were valued at 57 millions, were auctioned to cover a debt of 160 millions. 

</doc>
<doc id="13753185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13753185" title="DRG Technologies">
DRG Technologies

DRG Technologies makes labels.
In 1973 H. Douglas Riley started up Lancer Label, a manufacturer and provider of custom labels used in sales and marketing, in Omaha, Nebraska. In 1989 Riley would go on to sell Lancer which was generating $15 million in sales with over 2,000 orders per week and purchase Impressive Labels in Safford, Arizona. In 1992 Impressive launched SuperFast Label Service and began expanding their horizons by developing solutions for telecommunications, hand held electronics, software and entertainment. By 2002 the company had expanded globally and DRG Technologies was formed. Impressive Labels and SuperFast became business units for DRG.
DRG Technologies' research and deployment of innovative designs have led to a number of technologies including:
Lancer Labels is also a company in the UK, by the name of Lancer Labels Ltd.
Based in Newbury, Berkshire and supplies most types of labels, label printers, barcode scanners, barcode software, visitor management systems, Wash Care Labels and help for anyone starting off in labeling their products. Their website is Lancer Labels Ltd.
Doug Riley owns a Pilatus PC-12.

</doc>
<doc id="13753558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13753558" title="Convera Corporation">
Convera Corporation

Convera was formed in December 2000 by the merger of Intel's Interactive Services division and Excalibur Technologies Corporation. Until 2007, Convera's primary focus was the enterprise search market through its flagship product, RetrievalWare, which is widely used within the secure government sector in the United States, UK, Canada and a number of other countries. Convera sold its enterprise search business to FAST Search & Transfer in August 2007 for $23 million, at which point RetrievalWare was officially retired. Microsoft Corporation continues to maintain RetrievalWare for its existing customer base.
In February 2010, Convera Corporation merged with Firstlight ERA to become NTENT, bringing with it its web-scale semantic search engine.
Excalibur Technologies had a history of search technology development dating back to the early 1980s. Founded by Jim Dowe in February 1980, Excalibur sought to exploit neural networks through its proprietary Adaptive Pattern Recognition Processing (APRP). In 1985, the Company entered into a multiyear research, development and royalty contract with Nikkei Information Systems Co., Ltd. ("NIS"), a Japanese company. For the Japanese market, Excalibur packaged the technology for broader adoption. Dowe presented "TICOL: A Development Tool For Fifth Generation Programming Environments" along with Mr. Toshi Arai of NIS at the 1988 Forth Conference on Programming Environments. The conference was hosted by the College of Engineering and Applied Science at the University of Rochester. In parallel, Excalibur demonstrated several successful applications of APRP pattern matching using multimedia data types (including text data, signal data, and video data) and packaged these as TRS, SRS and VRS targeted to US government agencies. One of those early applications of APRP for text retrieval proved that pattern matching search tolerated spelling variations and optical character recognition (OCR) processing errors over large volumes of scanned/OCR material. This led to the release of Excalibur EFS for electronic filing and search.
Digital Equipment Corporation (DEC) began distributing the Excalibur products in 1990. Pat Condo represented DEC in the transaction and later joined Excalibur and began to package the technology behind the applications into a server-based offering. In 1995, Condo was named President/CEO. That same year Excalibur acquired Conquest for its scalable, distributed software architecture and renamed the product to RetrievalWare. The acquisition provided real-time profiling, boolean search, statistical and heuristic search, natural language query, semantic network tools, knowledge bases, and a complete set of application development tools. On May 5, 1997, the Company acquired Interpix Software Corporation ("Interpix") located in Santa Clara, California, a privately owned company and developer of a commercial technology enabling the collection, indexing, management and presentation of multimedia data on the Internet and corporate intranets.
Condo continued to architect and build out a complete multimedia/semantic, software as a service search platform, partnering with Ronald J. Whittier, head of Intel's interactive media division. On December 21, 2000 those efforts resulted in the merger of Excalibur and Intel's Interactive Media Services division to form Convera Corporation and Whittier left Intel to join Convera as Chairman. As part of that transaction, Convera was assigned Intel's contract with the National Basketball Association to develop and distribute interactive NBA content, including enhanced broadband programming and interactive game broadcasts.
On March 7, 2002, Convera acquired Semantix Inc., a private software technology development company specializing in cross-lingual processing and computational linguistics technology. Later that year, on August 1, 2002, Condo hired Dr. Claude Vogel, founder and Chief Technology Officer of Semio Corporation. Vogel, as Convera CTO, drove the development of the new categorization and dynamic classification capabilities while bolstering the extensive search and discovery strengths of the platform, including facets and a multi-million term ontology. In a December 3, 2004 article in "The Washington Post", Condo disclosed the company's strategy to apply the technology built for the intelligence community to an advanced development project to index the Web.
Convera Corporation provided software as a service (SaaS) vertical search services to publishers and other media companies. Publishers used the web search platform to create customized search experiences for specialist audiences. Convera's vertical search service was used by many of the leading publishing companies, including John Wiley & Sons., Centaur Media, Incisive Media, Lebhar-Friedman and Advanstar. Vertical search applications were usually presented under the publisher's brand and typically combined a mixture of public web data (selected by the publisher as being the best public content available on the subject), the publisher's proprietary content and private content provided by third parties.
A controlling interest in Convera was held by Allen & Company, a New York based investment bank. Allen & Company has been associated with Convera since its foundation in 2000 and was also a major shareholder in Excalibur Technologies for many years. Legg Mason Opportunity Trust also had a sizable holding. Donald McCauley and John Yauch maintained a large but minority share of the company. They were two of the most vocal backers, often referring to the company as a "coiled spring."
After the merger with Firstlight ERA in February 2010, Convera's remaining assets and technology became the property of NTENT. NTENT continues to provide web-scale semantic search for vertical applications, and also provides context-sensitive advertising services for both web pages and search results.

</doc>
<doc id="13754190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13754190" title="Entanet">
Entanet

Entanet International is a British Wholesale ISP and is a member of the Internet Service Providers Association 
Entanet is formed as a limited company in November after running as a separate business unit with Enta Technologies since February.
Launches a 'Virtual Pipe' solution for ISP's wanting to buy IPStream capacity without having to buy a full central from BT Wholesale
Expands into Europe with PoPs in Frankfurt, Amsterdam and Paris. Joins AMS-IX, SFINX and De-CIX.
All broadband customers on 'MAX' products are upgraded from 'up to 2Mbit/s' to 'up to 8Mbit/s' 
Entanet begins to sponsor Wolverhampton Wanderers Football Club 
Entanet is selected to take part in the test of BT's 21st Century Network, making it the only non-BT company taking part in the trial.
Entanet launches a business Ethernet First Mile product in the West Midlands using LLU copper lines from Openreach 
Entanet launches ADSL2+ services based on BT's 21st Century Network on 15 July. Though to date this is only available via the following areas. Birmingham, Wolverhampton, Manchester, Glasgow, Leeds, Cardiff, Bristol, Preston, London North West. The remaining eleven are scheduled to be live September 2008.
On 3 June, as Entagroup celebrates its twentieth year in business, its founder and CEO, Jason Tsai has been recognised for his innovation and commitment to the IT channel by being awarded the title of Channel Entrepreneur of the Year by the Comms Business Awards.
Entanet launches synergi partner portal website on 12 April. It provides resellers with account management and ordering, reporting processes and encourages knowledge sharing between partners and the company itself.
Entanet launches 80 Mbit/s FTTC. The company also made improvements to their UK infrastructure by upgrading the capacity of its northern ring to 10 Gbit/s. They also announced a new colocation site in Slough.
Entanet launch BT based unlimited broadband. They also launched Generic Ethernet Access (GEA) 
In February, Entanet announced a significant investment in its business, with Mobeus Equity Partners making an initial £6 million investment to support the £14 million management buyout.
Nominated for three separate ISPA awards, but didn't win any 
Wins CRN Channel awards "Specialist Vendor" of the year award.
Nominated for five separate ISPA awards, but didn't win any. Sponsored the 'Best Portal' award.
Retains CRN Channel awards "Specialist Vendor" of the year award.
Nominated for five separate ISPA awards.
Finalist for Specialist Vendor of the Year – CRN Channel Awards 2008.
Ranked 78th in the Real Business Hot 100
Finalist in the CRN Channel Awards ‘Specialist Vendor of the Year’, Comms National Awards ‘Internet Service Provider of the Year’, Comms Business Awards ‘Hosted IP Telephony Supplier of the Year’, PCR Awards ‘Specialist Vendor of the Year’ and categorise of Best Business Fixed Broadband ISP, Best Internet Telephony and Best Business Customer Service ISP in 2010 ISPA Awards.
Wins ISPA Awards ‘Best Internet Telephony’ 
Wins Comms National Awards for Best Channel Wholesale Service Provider
Wins Comms National Awards for Best Channel ISP<br>
Won at the ISPA Awards for Best Business Fixed Broadband <br>
Entanet were awarded Channel Marketing campaign of the year at the Comms Dealer Sales Awards.
Entanet's marketing team won Best Marketing Team at the Comms Dealer Sales Awards 
Wins Comms Business Awards - Wholesale Service Provider of the Year - large<br>
Won at CRN Sales & Marketing Awards - Best Vendor Account Management Team<br>
Won at the ISPA Awards for Best SME Broadband
Formerly run as a separate company Entacall this division, now integrated with Entanet, provides traditional voice services such as non-geographic numbers (NGNs), carrier preselect (CPS), wholesale line rental (WLR) and VoIP.
Entanet started as a simple ISP providing Internet Access to business and residential end users but has branched out and now specialised in Wholesale Internet Services for Corporates and smaller ISPs.
Entanet's broadband serves two different channel partner groups, those who want to resell broadband packages and earn commission; and those who want to take Entanet's wholesale broadband to carve their own niche under their own brand. Entanet has been able to carve a substantial niche of L2TP delivered broadband services to smaller ISP's.
Entanet provides a range of different solutions when it comes to Leased lines and Ethernet (such as Ethernet in the First Mile EFM and Generic Ethernet Access GEA) solutions, but are specialising in providing wholesale solutions delivered to smaller ISPs using MPLS based solutions.
Entanet's colocation facilities are based in Telford, London and Slough. At their headquarters in Telford, they maintain 3 bespoke data floors.

</doc>
<doc id="13754244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13754244" title="Gilly Hicks">
Gilly Hicks

Gilly Hicks is a lingerie brand owned by Abercrombie & Fitch, specializing in women's underwear and loungewear. It competes primarily with Victoria's Secret, Victoria's Secret PINK, and Aerie (an intimates spinoff of American Eagle Outfitters).
Designed to mimic a colonial-style manor house, the store featured arched hallways, mirrored walls, potted plants, and crystal chandeliers reminiscent of its sister brands Abercrombie & Fitch and Hollister Co.
Its first store opened at Natick Mall in Natick, Massachusetts on January 21, 2008. On November 6, 2013, Abercrombie & Fitch announced it would close Gilly Hicks' retail stores, but continue the brand's online operations. The brand was folded into sister company Hollister Co. in 2015. Gilly Hicks lingerie and sleep products are still sold at Hollister stores and Hollister online as of 2017.
At the time of closure, Gilly Hicks operated 23 full-line stores: 16 in the United States, six in the United Kingdom, and one in Germany;
Prior to the chain's disestablishment, a store at The Shops at Willow Bend in Plano, Texas was closed.

</doc>
<doc id="13754544" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13754544" title="TIPER">
TIPER

The Tanzania International Petroleum Reserves Limited (TIPER) is a joint venture between the Government of Tanzania (GoT) and Oryx Energies. It operates the largest oil terminal in the country, and will have a storage capacity of 213,200 m by 2015.
The terminal is located at Kigamboni, opposite the Port of Dar es Salaam.
The plant was commissioned as an oil refinery in the 1960s. It was then known as the "Tanzanian and Italian Petroleum Refining Company Limited" (TIPER), owned jointly by the GoT and Agip (Tanzania) Limited. After the signing of the agreement in 1963, it was built by the Italian state-owned Eni between February 1965 and June 1966 at a cost of TSh 100 million. In 1969, the GoT purchased half of the shares. It was a small refinery with a capacity to process 600,000 tonnes per annum.
Prior to the liberalisation of the petroleum industry in 1997, TIPER produced 30 percent of the local requirements and the rest was imported by the state-owned Tanzania Petroleum Development Corporation (TPDC). 
In 1991, under pressure from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), operations ceased at the refinery to implement the country's Structural Adjustment Program. The IMF argued that it was operating at 60% of its capacity.
In 1999, Swiss based Oryx Energies acquired Agip's assets in Tanzania. 
In 2012, the GoT was considering using the oil terminal as part of its national strategic petroleum reserve.
In November 2014, the government as the silent partner, suggested that the firm be led by an independent team. Oryx Energies disagreed. The firm expects to build new storage tanks and thereby increase its capacity by an additional 100,000 m.

</doc>
<doc id="13755169" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13755169" title="RMD Engineering College">
RMD Engineering College

RMD Engineering College is an engineering college in Tamil Nadu, India, funded by the Sri Swaminatha Naidu Educational Trust.
The college, opened in 2001 with six departments: IT, CSE, EEE, ECE, MBA and MCA with about 240 students in Kavaripettai Next to RMK College Campus which is also a sister Institute under RMK Group of institution.
The college is a Green Campus with river and located about 35 km from Chennai in the National Highway NH5 in the Chennai - Nellore-Kolkata Highway. The College is about a kilometer from Kavaraipettai railway station.
RMD College is a Co-Educational Institution specializing in Engineering and Technology plus specialized post-graduate programs in Computer Applications, Business Administration and Computer Science & Engineering.

</doc>
<doc id="13755173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13755173" title="Juddmonte Farms">
Juddmonte Farms

Juddmonte Farms is an award-winning horse breeding farm, owned by Prince Khalid bin Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. A member of the Saudi Arabian royal family the successful businessman presides over the massive conglomerate Mawarid Holding. While he is in semi-retirement, his four sons are involved in managing business interests that include insurance, catering, cement, cleaning, foodstuffs and electronics.
Juddmonte Farms consists of a variety of individual farms: three in England, two in Ireland, and three in Kentucky, United States. Established in 1977, Juddmonte in particular is highly regarded for their 300 plus broodmare band. The farm has owned three horses named Broodmare of the Year in the U.S. or Britain: Hasili, dam of stakes winners Dansili, Banks Hill, Intercontinental, Heat Haze, Cacique and Champs Elysees; Toussaud, dam of stakes winners Empire Maker, Chester House, Honest Lady, Chiselling and Decarchy; and Slightly Dangerous, dam of stakes winners Commander in Chief, Warning, Yashmak, Dushyantor and Jibe.
The farm's first major victory was in 1980 when "Known Fact" won the 2,000 Guineas which was also the first win in that 200-year-old event for any Arab racing owner.
In Europe, Juddmonte currently stands at stud the stallions Dansili, Oasis Dream, Cacique, Frankel, Bated Breath and Kingman. In the United States, Juddmonte's stallions include Mizzen Mast, and previously, First Defence.
A number of homebreds have won major races in both in Flat and National Hunt racing after leaving Juddmonte. These include Wicklow Brave, son of Beat Hollow (Vincent O'Brien County Hurdle and Irish St Leger); Profit, son of Oasis Dream (King's Stand Stakes); Brian Boru, son of Broodmare Eva Luna (Racing Post Trophy and British St Leger); Powerscourt, son of Broodmare Rainbow Lake (Tattersalls Gold Cup and Arlington Millions); Foreteller, son of Dansili (Australian Ranvet Stakes, Makybe Diva Stakes and Underwood Stakes).
Juddmonte Farms has over the years won a variety of awards related to horse racing. In the United States this includes 15 Eclipse Awards to date, which includes the Top Breeder Award in 1995, 2001, 2002, 2003 and 2009, as well as the Top Owner Award in 1992, 2003 and 2016. In 2003, they had a win at the Belmont Stakes, with Empire Maker and also had wins in the Breeders' Cup Filly & Mare Turf in 2001, 2005 and 2009 with Banks Hill, Intercontinental and Midday. They won the Breeders' Cup Classic with Arrogate in 2016.
In the United Kingdom, Prince Khalid bin Abdullah has won the British flat racing Champion Owner Title in 2003, 2010 and 2011, with horses such as Oasis Dream, Derby winner Workforce, Byword, Classic winner Special Duty, Time Piece, Twice Over, Midday and ten time Group 1 winner Frankel, the highest rated thoroughbred racehorse in history.. A Champion Owner Title was also achieved in Ireland 1993.
To date, Prince Khalid bin Abdullah and Juddmonte horses have won 15 Cartier Racing Award titles, also known as the European Horse of The Year Awards. Wins include Horse of the Year (Franekl (twice) and Kingman), 3 Year Old Colt of The Year (Commander in Chief, Workforce, Frankel and Kingman), 3 Year Old Filly of the Year (Banks Hill), 2 Year Old Colt of the Year (Zafonic, Frankel), 2 Year Old Filly of the year (Special Duty), Top Older Horse of the Year (Frankel, Noble Mission), Top Sprinter of the Year (Oasis Dream), and the Award of Merit.
In France, Prince Khalid bin Abdullah has won the French Champion Owner Title in 2002, 2003, 2006 and 2015. In Ireland the Champion Owner Title was won in 1993.
Juddmonte's regular trainers in Britain include Henry Cecil, Roger Charlton, Barry Hills, Charlie Hills, John Gosden, Amanda Perrett and Michael Stoute. In 2016, Ralph Beckett and Hugo Palmer became trainers for Juddmonte in Britain follow the death of Henry Cecil and the retirement of his wife, Jane Cecil, after a brief but successful career. In 2006, Dermot Weld became a trainer for Juddmonte in Ireland with Famous Name just one successful horse for the pair, winning 21 out of his 37 races, 20 at Stakes Level. In France horses are sent to Pascal Bary, Andre Fabre, Criquette Head-Maarek and David Smaga. Successful horses on the European scene were often sent late in their 3 year old career to Robert J. Frankel in the U.S. for the bigger purse Grade 1 races. In the 1980s Juddmonte also enjoyed success with Guy Harwood (father of Amanda Perrett) and Jeremy Tree in Britain and with Maurice Zilber in France.
In France Stéphane Pasquier was retained for Juddmonte and more recently former French National Hunt Champion Jockey Vincent Cheminaud has regularly ridden for Juddmonte. Vincent Cheminaud has the distinction of winning both the Grand Steeple-Chase de Paris (The French Grand National), Grand Prix d'Automne and the Prix du Jockey Club (The French Derby), within one year. In Britain, Pat Eddery, Richard Hughes and James Doyle were retained to ride Juddmonte horses.In Ireland, Pat Smullen regularly rides Juddmonte horses.
Teddy Grimthorpe is employed as Juddmonte's racing manager in Europe, while Garreth O'Rourke is employed as Juddmonte's racing manager in the U.S.
In the United States, Juddmonte horses—including classic winner Empire Maker, Aptitude, Flute, Heat Haze, First Defence, Ventura, Sightseek, Intercontinental and former European racers such as Beat Hollow and Champs Elysees were trained by Bobby Frankel for more than two decades prior to Frankel's death in November, 2009. They are now being trained by Bill Mott, Bob Baffert and also by former assistant to Bobby Frankel, Chad Brown
 Great Britain
 Ireland
 France
 United States
 Canada
 Hong Kong
 United Arab Emirates
Horses managed by Juddmonte listed among their most successful include the following:
Known Fact 1979–1980
Rainbow Quest 1985
Rousillon 1985
Queen Anne Stakes, Sussex Stakes, Prix du Moulin (1985)
Dancing Brave 1986
Warning 1988–1989
Danehill 1989
Sanglamore 1990–1991
Quest For Fame 1990–1992
Exbourne 1991
Marquetry 1991–1992
Jolypha 1992
Zafonic 1992–1993
Commander in Chief 1993
Raintrap 1993–1994
Sun Shack 1993–1997
Ryafan 1996–1997
Reams of Verse 1996–1997
Aptitude 2000–2001
Observatory 2000–2001
Beat Hollow 2000–2002
Senure 2001
United Nations Handicap and Clement L Hirsch Memorial Turf
Flute 2001
Banks Hill 2001–2002
Oasis Dream 2002–2003
Tates Creek 2002–2003
Empire Maker 2003
Heat Haze 2003
Nebraska Tornado 2003
Etoile Montante 2003–2004
American Post 2003–2004
Intercontinental 2004–2005
Cacique 2006
Rail Link 2006
Champs Elysees 2008–2009
Ventura 2008–2009
Midday 2009–2011
Twice Over 2009–2011
Special Duty 2009–2010
Proviso 2010
Workforce 2010
Frankel 2010–2012
Emollient 2013–2014
Close Hatches 2013–2014
Noble Mission 2014
Flintshire 2013–2016
"Arrogate' 2016

</doc>
<doc id="13758142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13758142" title="Nunaoil">
Nunaoil

Nunaoil is the national oil company of Greenland founded in 1985 as an equal partnership between the Greenland Home Rule Government and DONG Energy. It is a non paying partner in all licenses around Greenland. It handles oil exploration, while import of oil for local need is handled by Nukissiorfiit.
During the 1990s the company was primarily involved in collecting seismic data as operator of a group of international oil companies in the regions of North East and West Greenland. It then switched its focus to gathering seismic data along the South West coast of Greenland, mapping large potential hydrocarbon trapping accumulations. As of 2000 Nunaoil has stopped acquiring seismic data as there has been sufficient interest by the seismic industry as a whole in undertaking this task.
It has also been involved in the licensing rounds recently off the west coast of Greenland by Baffin Bay where it holds a minimum of 8.5% stake in all the blocks that have been licensed in the recent West Disko round.
In 2006 DONG Energy sold its shares in Nunaoil to the Danish State. According to the Act on Greenland Self-Government which came in force on 21 June 2009, the Danish State transferred its stake to the Government of Greenland.

</doc>
<doc id="13758817" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13758817" title="Wabash Valley Power Association">
Wabash Valley Power Association

Wabash Valley Power Association is an electric generation and transmission cooperative headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. Wabash Valley provides wholesale power to 28 distribution cooperatives in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Missouri that reach over 350,000 businesses and residences. The cooperative operates under the business model of the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.
Wabash Valley is a member of the PJM Interconnection and the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator and a founding member of Touchstone Energy.
Wabash Valley's generating facilities make use of landfill gas generation, coal gasification and wind power. Their program for members to purchase energy from renewable sources is monickered EnviroWatts. In May 2009, Wabash Valley's Renewable Energy Certificate was certified by Green-e Energy.
Wabash Valley Power Association was founded in Peru, Indiana in 1963 by five distribution cooperatives. Their membership grew over the years and the headquarters were relocated to Indianapolis in 1976.
 

</doc>
<doc id="13759258" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13759258" title="Castle Building Centres Group">
Castle Building Centres Group

Castle Building Centres Group Limited (Castle) is the oldest Canadian-based, cooperatively owned buying group of lumber and building materials. The members of the group are known as shareholders to reflect their cooperative association.
Castle also produces the Contractor Advantage, a magazine published bi-monthly and distributed nationally. Articles in the magazine are specifically geared toward products, trends and the business side of contracting.
Castle members do not necessarily fly a 'Castle' branded banner, as the store owners are truly independent and can choose to fly any non-competitive banner. Many stores do not even have a brand associated directly with the name of their store, opting for something more familiar in their market.
Some banners that are in use today include:
Recently, more stores have been adopting the Castle banner.
The company began in 1963 when a group of dealers in Ontario formed BOLD Lumber (Buying Organization of Lumber Dealers). BOLD's ambition was to negotiate their pricing with suppliers based on their collective volume. After their first year, they grew from 6 to 20 dealers. By 1969, the business charter was adjusted to expand beyond 50 dealers. Membership grew from across the country, giving BOLD a national presence.
In 1969, the Board of Directors rejected the notion of a public share offering and franchising concepts in favour of encouraging the independent control by its members.
The name changed to Castle Building Centres Group Limited in 1982. The company at this time had grown to 157. The first Castle logo appeared in brown, white and gold. Castle was among the first to introduce the concept of the drive thru lumberyard concept.
As "big box stores" emerged in Canada, Castle's member stores continued their growth as independent businesses looked for competitive advanatages.
It was apparent that the focus on lumber and building materials set the typical Castle store apart. Optional supplemental programs were made available to help member stores with their specific needs, such as local flyers, television spots, health & safety tools and insurance. The Castle logo was also updated to blue, yellow and white.
In 2007, Castle's President and industry notable Provan Wylie retired. Replacing him is Ken Jenkins, formerly of gypsum manufacturer CGC Inc.

</doc>
<doc id="13759500" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13759500" title="Eneco">
Eneco

Eneco, the trading name of Eneco Holding N.V., is one of the largest producers and suppliers of natural gas, electricity and heat in the Netherlands, serving more than 2 million business and residential customers. Eneco headquarters are located in Rotterdam. It also carries out energy trading and is involved in sustainable energy projects.
Eneco is the largest power company in Zuid Holland.
The company is divided into five business units:
On the 8th of January 2010 the United Kingdom Crown Estate awarded Eneco New Energy the Zone 7 offshore wind farm licence for UK waters. This gives them exclusive rights to create a 900 MW offshore wind farm (Navitus Bay) off the west coast of the Isle of Wight.

</doc>
<doc id="13759568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13759568" title="The Original Italian Pie">
The Original Italian Pie

The Original Italian Pie is a chain of informal Italian-American restaurants. It was founded in 1992 by Musa Ulusan and his wife Fatima. Their first restaurant was located on Bienville Street in New Orleans, Louisiana. The menu consists of pizzas, salads, sandwiches and calzones.
The company began expanding through franchising in 1997 and currently (April 2010) has 13 locations in the Southeastern United States. Another 2 locations are reportedly under development.

</doc>
<doc id="13760692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13760692" title="CDF Croisières de France">
CDF Croisières de France

CDF Croisières de France is a subsidiary of Pullmantur Cruises, catering to the French cruise market, with French as the primary language used on board. The line offers cruises to the Mediterranean operating from mid-March until November. Most CDF cruises are tout inclus, meaning all inclusive. In many, but not all cases, the price may include airfare. However, cruises can be purchased without airfare as well. CDF will cease operations in 2017.
Founded on September 2007 as a subsidiary of Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd., CDF begun in May 2008 with "Bleu de France" as their sole ship. During the north hemisphere summer season the "Bleu de France" operated cruises in the Mediterranean out of Marseille, while for the winter season she relocated to the Caribbean, with La Romana, Dominican Republic as her port of departure. The company offers an all-inclusive product, with not only accommodation and meals but also all drinks and tips included in the price of the cruise.
In November 2010, CDF confirmed that they had sold "Bleu de France" to the British holiday operator Saga, however CDF retained the vessel on charter for a further 12 months. In 2012 CDF received a replacement ship, "Horizon", which was transferred from Pullmantur Cruises. "Horizon", which had previously sailed as "Pacific Dream", for Pullmantur Cruises, "Island Star" for Island Cruises and originally "MV Horizon" for Celebrity Cruises; all three brands are currently subsidiaries of Royal Caribbean.
In 2014, the "Zenith" was transferred to the fleet of CDF Croisières de France, joining her sister ship the "L’Horizon".
In 2016, Royal Caribbean sold a 51% stake in CDF's parent division Pullmantur to Spain-based Springwater Capital.
In late 2016, it was announced CDF would cease operations in early 2017. With both ships being transferred back to Pullmantur.
Unlike most other cruise lines, the fare typically includes many basic alcoholic beverages, espresso, cappuccino, sodas and the like. Premium drinks are available for an extra charge. CDF does not currently offer anytime dining. First seating is typically at 7 pm and late seating is typically at 9:15 pm. While French is the primary language on CDF cruises, announcements are typically made in French first, followed by Spanish and then English.

</doc>
<doc id="13761022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13761022" title="Voice of Music">
Voice of Music

Voice Of Music (abbreviated V-M) was the premier brand of V-M Corporation, an American audio equipment manufacturing company (EIA manufacturer's code 857).
V-M Corporation was founded in June 1944 by Walter Miller in Benton Harbor, Michigan. The company originally manufactured only 78 rpm record changers and labeled them simply as "A V-M Product". The brand name "Voice of Music" was suggested by a V-M engineer and first used in 1952.
First V-M designed a two speed changer after Columbia Records introduced the LP in 1948. V-M then added the 45rpm speed after RCA brought that innovation to market in 1949. Finally V-M added the fourth speed (16⅔ rpm) for "talking books" in 1954. The changer mechanism, used throughout the fifties, sixties, and the seventies was developed in 1950. The basic design was retained until record changer production was terminated. The changer mechanism, responsible for operating the tone arm and the dropping of the records, was updated throughout the years to keep V-M's record changers competitive with their competitors, as technology advanced. The speed control mechanism was, however, completely redesigned in 1961. V-M Corporation claimed that their record changers were jam proof. These V-M record changers had a reputation of being both well built and reliable. These mass-produced record changers, while competitive with other manufactures mass-produced record changers, i.e. BSR and Garrard, in both build quality and product specifications, were not competitive with professional record changers. Like other mass-produced record changers, the tone arms had heavier vertical tracking force (VTF), poorer speed accuracy, and poorer rumble specification than the professional record changers. V-M mass-produced record changers, like their competitors mass-produced record changers, were used in low to medium priced audio equipment-compact stereo systems, console stereos, and portable stereo systems. They were sold also as separate components. Most had ceramic cartridges and diamond styluses (needles), with a separate stylus for 78rpm records. Most had two pole synchronous motors. V-M developed their first professional record changer in 1966. This record changer had a twenty-four pole synchronous motor, and a separate motor for operating the tone arm and lowering the record to the turntable. This professional record changer was only a two speed unit-it did not play 78rpm records. This professional record changer was marketed under the Voice of Music trademark, and also sold to other manufactures such as Sherwood, Philco Ford and Westinghouse. V-M's second generation professional record changers design was developed in 1971, and was sold to BIC. V-M's deteriorating financial condition did not permit V-M to market this design under the Voice of Music trade mark.
Amplified phonographs were introduced in the early 1950s, and V-M brought out the Model 700 tape recorder late in 1954. Throughout the '50's and '60's, tape recorders, phonographs, consoles and components by V-M were popular with consumers for a variety of reasons. V-M Corporation's "Educational Systems" tape recorders and phonos with rugged cases were popular with schools and institutions. A brief entry into the audiophile market in 1970 with the V-M "Professional Series" was technically successful - but by this point, V-M Corporation was too financially weak to back a successful marketing campaign, so these products are rare and sought after today.
First and foremost, V-M was a record changer and tape deck supplier (less the electronics) to dozens of familiar brand names of their day, such as Zenith and Motorola to name only two good customers. V-M Corporation, from the late 1950s through 1968, was the world's largest record changer manufacturer. During the peak years of record changer production, V-M Corporation produced more record changers than all other record changer manufacturers in the world combined. In the early 1960s, V-M Corporation created a record changer advertisement, placed in an audio magazine, stating this fact. Also, in this advertisement, V-M listed their original equipment manufacturers, (customers), by name. BSR Ltd, a British record changer manufacturer, in the 1970s, copied the format of this ad. By 1969, BSR had surpassed V-M Corporation in record changer production to become the world largest manufacturer of record changers. In several countries, V-M record changers were produced under license. Telefunken, of then West Germany, was an example, of one such manufacturer sign a licensing agreement with V-M Corporation, to utilize their record changer technology. 
These large record changer production volumes helped V-M keep its own Voice of Music brand profitable for many years. After 1965, the trend became clear that American audio companies were going out of business or shifting production overseas. As V-M's record changer volumes declined, it became difficult for the company to remain profitable. Retailing began to change from small "mom and pop" stores (V-M's strength) to large electronics retailers where V-M was under-represented. At the end of 1972 year, V-M quit offering console stereos and terminated all tape recorder models, for sale to retail customers, with the exception of an eight track player. At the end of the 1974 year, all their other remaining retail products, except record changers, were discontinued-compact and portable stereo systems, and all other retail audio components, such as receivers, amplifiers and speaker systems. After 1974, V-M record changers were the only consumer product sold to the retail market as components. Record changers continued to be sold to original equipment manufacturers up to the bankruptcy, in mid July, of the 1977 year. Cassette decks still produced, after leaving the retail consumer market, were highly specialized professional units. Some of the companies that bought these professional cassette decks were New Century Education Corporation, Beltone, and Terra Technology. V-M also did contract engineering projects for various manufacturers, along with some assembly projects for outside companies. For the December 1976 Christmas Season, V-M assembled an electronic ping pong game for Factory Direct Marketing. V-M filed for bankruptcy in mid July 1977 when a power failure, in New York City, prevented a wire transfer of critically needed funds.
At first, within the bankruptcy, V-M Corporation was regulated by the Bankruptcy Court, and had to obtain permission for all activity, especially manufacturing. Customers had to prepay for any manufacturing or services performed, since V-M could not use the creditors money. V-M projects done, while under Bankruptcy Court supervision, included reworking 20,000 turntables for Thompson Electronics of France in 1978 and 1979. V-M also manufactured Model 270-6 monaural record changers, and a number of cassette decks for New Century Education Corporation, Beltone, and Terra Technology. (Assembly of these cassette decks continued through the calendar year of 1989.) All manufacturing ceased by September 1979 when the bankruptcy auction occurred. Of the ten buildings V-M Corporation owned, at the time of the bankruptcy, only a few sold. Building number #17 did not sell and this was the building V-M operated out of from 1979 until it was demolished in September 1998.
After the bankruptcy auction, October 1979 through the calendar year of 1991, V-M Corporation had a small group of people employed rebuilding/repairing telephones for AT&T, along with other small projects. One such project, in 1985, involved Factory Direct Marketing having V-M repair a large quantity of Cobra feature phones, AT&T answering machines, and radio/cassette players. V-M also did some assembly of model 791/792 tape duplicators as late as 1989 for continuing customers. By 1992, none of these projects remained profitable. From 1992 to 1998, V-M Corporation business activities were limited to selling parts and service manuals for V-M products manufactured in the past, and helping owners of V-M equipment to link up with qualified service shops. In September 1998, building #17, V-M Corporation's former office building, and building #1, the former record changer plant were demolished.
In September 1998, the service parts and technical files were transferred to the care of V-M Audio Enthusiasts at the website shown below, for the benefit of V-M owners everywhere. The revival of "vinyl" (records) and tube audio in recent years has sparked a renewed interest in quality built, easy-to-service V-M products, and the internet has facilitated buyers and sellers getting together. V-M Corporation remains a registered corporation in Michigan but no longer manufactures equipment..

</doc>
<doc id="13763245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13763245" title="Södra Cell Tofte">
Södra Cell Tofte

Södra Cell Tofte is a pulp mill located at Tofte in Buskerud, Norway.
The plant dates back to 1897 when Tofte Cellulosefabrik was founded at the initiative of industrialist Anthon B. Nilsen. 
The raw material used at the plant is from eucalyptus, pine and spruce. The plant received about 25% of all Norwegian timber. 
Tofte Industrier was formed in 1983 to operate the plant and produce chemical paper pulp. In 1989 Tofte Industrier was merged into Norske Skog. The plant was owned by the Swedish company Södra Skogsägarna from 2000 when it bought the plant and changed its name to Södra Cell Tofte. 
In 2013, it was announced that the plant would be shut down due to lack of profit. In July 2013 it was announced that the decision to close the plant was definite after several attempts to sell it had failed.
In May 2014, Statkraft and Södra Cell signed a letter of intent to form a company with the goal of establishing future biofuel production based on forest raw material. Under the agreement, Statkraft will acquire Södra Cell Tofte AS, which owns the industrial site of the former Tofte cellulose plant. 

</doc>
<doc id="13763687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13763687" title="Home Lines">
Home Lines

Home Lines was an Italian passenger shipping company that operated both ocean liners and cruise ships. The company was founded in 1946, and it ceased operations in 1988 when merged into Holland America Line. Although based in Genoa, Homes Lines was an international company with ships registered in Panama, while the original company chairman Eugen Eugenides was Greek. By the time Home Lines was merged into Holland America, they were one of the most highly regarded cruise lines in the world.
Home Lines were connected to Cosulich Lines, Swedish American Line and Hamburg-America Line. Eugen Eugenides' adopted son Vernicos Eugenides cofounded the Hamburg Atlantic Line in 1958, and he later served as the CEO of both Home Lines and Hamburg Atlantic Line.
Home Lines was founded in 1946 in Genoa, with Swedish American Line and Cosulich Lines as major shareholders. The connection with Swedish American Line was reflected in the funnel colours of the new company - both SAL and Home Lines had yellow funnels with a blue disc containing crown(s); Home Lines' funnels differed from those of SAL only by featuring one arched crown instead of three circlet crowns.
In the same year, the company purchased their first ship, the 10,699 gross ton "Bergensfjord" from Norwegian America Line, which was renamed SS "Argentina" and placed on transatlantic routes from Genoa to South America in 1947. Although operated by Home Lines, the ship was managed by Cosulich Lines. Already in 1946 Home Lines had purchased a second ship, the Swedish American liner "Drottningholm" (11,182 gross tons), but that ship was not delivered to the company until 1948, when she was renamed "Brasil" and placed alongside the "Argentina" on Genoa—South America service. In 1948 Home Lines purchased another former Swedish American ship, "Kungsholm", that was renamed "Italia", as well as the former Matson Lines ship "Matsonia", which entered service in 1949 after a reconstruction as the first "Atlantic". The "Brasil" and "Italia" were managed by South Atlantic Lines, which was owned by the same company as Swedish American Line.
In 1949 the "Italia" was transferred to Genoa—New York City service, marking the beginning of Home Lines' gradual change from the Genoa—South America service to North Atlantic service from Genoa and Germany to New York as well as Southampton to Canada. "Brasil" was rebuilt and renamed "Homeland" in 1951, coinciding with her move to Hamburg—Southampton—Halifax—New York service. While on this route she was managed by Hamburg-America Line. However, the "Homeland" was transferred to Genoa—Naples—Barcelona—New York service already in 1952, after being replaced by the "Italia" on the Germany—New York service. The "Italia" in turn came to be managed by Hamburg-America Line while on the service from Germany. The "Argentina" was sold to Zim Lines in 1953 and renamed "Jerusalem", while the "Atlantic" was transferred to National Hellenic American Line in 1954 and renamed "Queen Frederica". Home Lines had purchased the laid-up "Mariposa" from Matson Lines in 1953; she entered service in 1954 as the first "Homeric". By 1955 at the latest Home Lines began making cruises from New York to The Bahamas during the winter season. The "Homeland" was sold for scrap in 1955, leaving Home Lines with just two ships, "Italia" and "Homeric". In 1958 Home Lines abandoned transatlantic traffic to New York (leaving it to Hamburg Atlantic Line). In the same year the "Italia" was refitted and placed on Hamburg—Quebec service. In 1961 Home Lines gave up transatlantic traffic completely when the "Italia" was transferred to New York—Bahamas cruise service. Three years later the ship was sold to Freeport Bahama Enterprises for use as a floating hotel.
In 1965 Home Lines took delivery of their first purpose-built ship, "Oceanic", which replaced the ageing Italia. Although marketed as "the largest ship ever designed for year round cruises", the ship had in fact been originally designed as a two-class liner/cruise ship before Home Lines abandoned transatlantic crossings, and adapted to full-time cruising during construction. The "Oceanic" entered service on 1965 as Caribbean Luxury Cruise during 1965 till about March 1965 then to the New York—Bahamas cruise route, and the "Homeric" was transferred to cruising on the Caribbean. The "Homeric" suffered a major fire in the galleys and restaurants in 1973, and had to be withdrawn from service and scrapped. As a replacement Home Lines purchased the second "Hanseatic" from German Atlantic Line (Hamburg Atlantic Line after a name change), renaming her "Doric". At the same time Home Lines had also considered purchasing the "Bergensfjord" from Norwegian America Line, but the deal was not realised. In 1976 the company made a bid to purchase the laid-up Italian Line ships "Michelangelo" and "Raffaello", but the offer was turned down by the Italian Line.
In preparation for the delivery of the new "Atlantic" in 1982, the "Doric" was sold to Royal Cruise Line, becoming their "Royal Odyssey". When delivered in April 1982, the "Atlantic" took over the New York—Bahama cruise service. Another new ship, the second "Homeric", was ordered for delivery in 1986, and in preparation for that the "Oceanic" was sold to Premier Cruise Line in 1985, becoming their "Starship Oceanic". Home Lines continued operating until 1988, when the company was purchased by Holland America Line and its operation merged into those of Holland America. The "Atlantic" was sold to Premier Cruise Line, becoming "Starship Atlantic", while the "Homeric" became HAL's "Westerdam".
The design and construction records of Oceanic have been preserved and are now in the Fondo Egone Missio Archives (Egone Missio Archives) in Monfalcone, Italy. 

</doc>
<doc id="13767267" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13767267" title="JSC RMG Copper">
JSC RMG Copper

JSC RMG Copper (JSCM) (, saak'ts'io sazogadoeba "RMG Copper", formerly JSC Madneuli) is a mining company based in Tbilisi, Georgia. Established in 1975, RMG Copper is currently involved in ore, copper, and gold mining and smelting.
In 2005, GeoProMining purchased Madneuli. This was one of the first public privatisations in Georgia. The company was purchased by Stanton Equity, which at that time was part of the Industrial Investors Holding. In 2007 Siman Povarenkin, who at that time was a co-owner of Industrial Investors, purchased 100% of Stanton Equity and renamed it GeoProMining.
Later in 2005 GPM purchased another Georgian asset, Quartzite (today known as RMG Gold), a producer of gold.
In June 14, 2012 Rich Metals Group acquired 100% ownership of JSC RMG Copper for US$120 Million.
Under the new ownership, the company previously known as JSC Madneuli changed its name to JSC RMG Copper.
JSC RMG Copper is the leading mining company in Georgia, contributing more than 10% of Georgian exports. The mine was opened in 1975 in Bolnisi region, Georgia. RMG Copper has the open pit Bolnisi Mine in the Bolnisi district of the Kvemo Kartli region in southern Georgia. The mine reached full capacity in 1978. Western sources estimate RMG Copper's assets in this mine to be 350,435 oz (10,908 kg) of gold. Silver, copper, and other minerals are also mined at that location. This asset has been worked for 30 years.
RMG Copper invested to 1 million GEL in Corporate Social Responsibility activities in 2010. Its projects include sport and cultural events, charity, etc. Fund Iavnana is one of the key projects

</doc>
<doc id="13768237" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13768237" title="Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares">
Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares

Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares (ASA) is a Mexican Federal Government-owned corporation with its own equity capital and legal identity. It has its headquarters in Mexico City in Venustiano Carranza, Mexico City. It was set up in June 1965 to oversee management, operations and development of Mexico's airports. it operated 18 airports and part-operated another 5. It also provides aviation fuel at 63 Locations.
Number of passengers at each airport by 2016:

</doc>
<doc id="13768829" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13768829" title="Visy Industries">
Visy Industries

Visy Industries was established in Melbourne, Australia in 1948 and has since grown to become one of the world’s largest privately owned paper, packaging and recycling companies. Today, Visy employs more than 9500 people in Australia and the United States (where it is known as Pratt Industries USA), with total sales exceeding more than $5 billion. Visy was owned by Richard Pratt until his death on 28 April 2009. when his son Anthony Pratt assumed the role of Executive Chairman. He has also presided over a major expansion into the Asian packaging market and moved to position Visy as a key player in food security for the region.
Today, Visy’s operational footprint extends from Sydney to Singapore, from Shanghai to San Francisco, with more than 180 facilities worldwide.
Visy Industries began in 1948 with a 1000-pound loan from Richard Pratt’s aunt, Ida Visbord, for whom the company is named. Originally, there were three partners – Visbord’s husband Max Plotka, Richard Pratt’s father Leon and engineer Les Feldman. From the day Visy opened for business in a Fitzroy, Melbourne factory there were indications this would be a company devoted to recycling and sustainability – the first corrugator it used was made from spare parts and recycled scrap metal.
After Leon Pratt’s death in 1969, his son Richard Pratt took over the reins and oversaw a dramatic expansion. Throughout the 1970s, Visy established new plants in New South Wales and Queensland, and by the end of the decade was making more than 100,000 tonnes of boxes a year. In the late 1970s and early 80s, Visy continued to grow but this time its major expansion was spearheaded by the decision to build 100% recycled paper mills, the first at Warwick Farm, Sydney. This decision not only signaled a shift in Visy’s corporate philosophy but placed the company at the forefront of the recycling movement in Australia, setting the company on the path to record growth and profits. By 1990, Visy’s national market share was over 40% with more than 2000 employees.
Richard and Anthony Pratt then set their sights on the huge American market, with the younger Pratt moving to the U.S. to oversee the start-up and development of Pratt Industries USA. Through a combination of acquisition and greenfielding 100% recycled paper mills and state-of-the-art corrugators, Pratt Industries USA showed remarkable progress in the ensuing two decades, growing from the 46th largest corrugated packaging producer in America to the 5th. Today, Pratt Industries USA employs more than 4000 people, more Americans than any other Australian company. It is the only major paper company in the US that is 100% recycled.
In 2001, Visy undertook the-then largest development in its remarkable history was the construction of a $450 million kraft paper mill in Tumut, New South Wales – the first kraft mill built in the world in 20 years.
It was the biggest investment in regional Australia since the Snowy Mountains Scheme (RP Speech), and was hailed by Australia’s leading environmentalists for its commitment to sustainability. It also boasts an advanced water usage system, with near-zero levels of effluent leaving the site. In fact, the Tumut mill is the most water efficient in the world - requiring just five tonnes of water to produce every tonne of product, compared to the global average of 25 tonnes. And it uses only forest thinnings and off-cuts for fibre.
The project was so successful that 10 years later Visy built Stage 2 on the same site – a second kraft paper mill bringing the total investment to Tumut to almost $1 billion. Stage 2, which was opened by NSW Premier Barry O’Farrell, was also hailed by environmentalists, and was a winner of the Australian Business Awards for “Environmental Sustainabilty."
Visy continued to grow by acquisition as well as green-fielding. In 2001, the company effectively doubled in size when it acquired Southcorp Packaging. Visy was now operating at over 100 packaging and recycling sites in Australia, New Zealand and the U.S. Moreover, Visy expanded its product mix to include steel and aluminum cans, PET bottles, beverage cartons and plastic packaging. It also continued to be a world leader in recycling and during this period Visy opened Australia’s largest Materials Recovery Facility (MRF) in Smithfield, NSW.
The Pratt Foundation was established by Richard and Jeanne Pratt in 1978 to support various charitable causes and initiatives throughout Australia. Since then, it has donated more than $250 million. In addition, Jeanne and Richard Pratt helped raised a further $250 million by opening their home, Raheen, to other charitable fundraisers.
The Foundation is chaired by Anthony Pratt’s sister, Heloise Waislitz. Its chief executive is Sam Lipski, a Melbourne-based journalist, and supports areas including medical research, education, the arts and relief of poverty.
The Pratt family is also behind VisyCares, a non-profit begun in 1995 which promotes social responsibility at Visy through donations to establish community-based projects such as youth, immigrant and learning centres.
In December 2005 the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) commenced prosecution against Visy for alleged involvement in a cartel in the packaging industry. In 2007, Richard Pratt and the Visy group received a A$36 million fine for price fixing, representing the largest fine in Australian history at the time. That same year it was also learned that Visy was also one of a number of Australian companies that had used a trucking company later proved to be run by a former Hell’s Angel.
In 2009, upon Anthony Pratt’s ascendency to Executive Chairman, Visy appointed former ACCC Chairman Professor Allan Fels to chair its Governance Committee.
In addition, Pratt also announced former advisor to President Obama and the outgoing US Ambassador to Australia Jeffrey Bleich would join his company’s advisory board. Bleich, an ex-clerk for former U.S. Supreme Court Chief Justice William Rehnquist, was a one-time special counsel to the President before being appointed Ambassador. He joins other advisory board members including Sir Dryden Spring, the former chairman of the Australian New Zealand National Bank, Allan Moss (AO), the former CEO of the Macquarie banking group and Jeanne Pratt (AC).
In 2016 the Australian Taxation Office revealed that in 2013-14, despite earning more than $2.5 billion in revenue, the holding company Pratt Consolidated Holdings had paid no tax. Further, that Thorney Investments, operated by Richard Pratt's son-in-law Alex Waislitz, which earned $430 million in revenue, had also paid no tax.
Visy Industries has strong links with the outlaw motorcycle group, the Hells Angels. Visy Industries employs a trucking company run by Stephen James Rogers, a convicted drug trafficker and founding chapter boss of the Hells Angels. Rogers was sentenced in 2007 to three years' prison for drug trafficking, and a senior Visy Industries manager gave character evidence for Rogers at his trial and stated the company would stand by him despite his conviction for trafficking amphetamines. In 2012 Visy Industries was accused of using the Hells Angels to collect their debts. Police and industry sources state Visy founder Richard Pratt, who died in 2009, personally approved the deal with the Hells Angles. Visy Industries have called the accusations "nonsense".
Following Richard Pratt’s death in April, 2009, Anthony Pratt returned to Australia to assume the added responsibility of Global Executive Chairman of Visy Industries. This was in addition to him continuing in his long-time position as Chairman of Pratt Industries USA. Just two years after he assumed leadership of the company, Visy jumped from 43rd to 3rd in the AMR Corporate Citizenship Index, part of an annual survey of more than 60,000 Australians.
Under Anthony Pratt’s leadership the company has also expanded its Asian presence and participation. Earnings from its Asian operations have increased by $100 million a year. This was achieved in several ways. Firstly, Visy established Build Run Repair, an engineering services company headquartered in Singapore to design and build sustainable pulp and paper mills and clean energy plants, leveraging the company’s experience gained from building its own 15 paper mills and 4 clean energy plants.
Its internal team of more than 40 engineers is also charged with maintaining Visy’s worldwide portfolio of factories as well as source equipment and products from China, Vietnam, Malaysia other Asian countries. In addition, the Singapore operation houses a trading company. Its mission is to buy hundreds of millions of dollar worth of goods and services for both Visy and external customers. This period has also seen the growth of Visy’s Thailand operations, which produce plastic products. The Thailand success builds on Visy’s strategy of following its multinational customers into Asia.
Visy has also set up warehouse distribution centres outside Shanghai and Beijing, as well as a trading office in Shenzhen which is selling Visy paper into the Chinese market. Visy’s growing focus on Asian markets received a major boost in 2013 when Anthony Pratt announced plans to double the company’s earnings in the region by building new packaging plants in at least four South-East Asian countries. They will be modeled on the group’s existing plastics plants in Thailand, Vietnam and Malaysia.
Work on the $260 million project is scheduled to begin in March, and will take 16 months. The 360,000-ton capacity plant will be built on a 50-acre site adjacent to Pratt’s box-making plant in Valparaiso, Indiana, the world’s largest. The new mill is expected to propel Pratt’s USA sales to $2 billion.This follows other mills Pratt built in the USA, most notably in New York City. That facility represents the largest manufacturing investment in the city since World War 2. And it is the only paper mill ever built in New York. New York Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg designated September 17, 2013, as “Pratt Industries Day” in the Big Apple, in tribute to the company’s commitment to recycling and the environment. In a video posted on YouTube, entitled “NYC Mayor Salutes Pratt Industries,” Bloomberg cited a proclamation honoring Pratt’s mill for having recycled 5 million tons of discarded paper since start-up in 1997.
Pratt also wants to ramp up Visy’s logistics operations to help spearhead a four-fold increase in Australia’s food exports to Asia, especially China. Visy is already the largest exporter of shipping containers from Australian ports at approximately 60,000 per year. Since his return to Australia, Pratt has taken a strong interest in sustainable agriculture and food security. More than 70 percent of Visy’s customers are in the food and beverage industries.
In April 2013, Pratt gave the keynote address at the Global Food Forum, a major international conference on food security he organized in partnership with The Australian newspaper. Pratt said it was possible for Australia to sustainably quadruple its current food production through greater support for farmers and food companies and eventually feed 200 million people. The conference attracted leading political, agribusiness, food industry and academic figures.
In September 2013, Pratt was elected an executive member of the Australia-Japan Business Cooperation Committee, a group dedicated for more than 50 years to strengthening ties between the two countries. It includes some of the most prominent business leaders in Australia, and is chaired by former British Airways CEO and current News Corporation director Sir Rod Eddington (AO). In October, Pratt’s growing business interests in Asia prompted Australia’s new Prime Minister Tony Abbott to invite him on an official visit to Indonesia – the first overseas’ trip by the incoming leader.
Pratt has organised the build of a $50 million, 100% recycled plastics plant in Sydney. This plant will enable Visy to make its PET and HDPE bottles out of 100% recycled plastic resin for everything from soft drink bottles to shampoo bottles to milk bottles. At full capacity, this facility will remove some 2 billion plastic bottles from the waste stream and recycle them into new bottles.
Visy-Pratt Industries USA have continued to build clean energy plants which now include facilities in Tumut, Atlanta, Ga., Melbourne and Queensland. These not only provide coal-free energy – thus reducing the company’s carbon footprint – but they allow Visy to expand its recycling capabilities to beyond converting paper and plastics into 100% recycled products. It will also enable the company to convert almost all remaining garbage into clean energy, thus helping close down landfills.
Visy has won awards including the 2011 Australian Packaging Design Awards where it was named Overall Show Winner at the Packaging Council of Australia annual awards.
In 2013, Visy and the Banksia Foundation – a leading Australian non-profit which promotes environmental excellence - teamed up to inaugurate the Richard Pratt-Banksia CEO Award. The award recognizes an individual executive’s contributions towards the economic, social and environmental sustainability achievements of the organisation or company he/she leads. The award was named in honour of Pratt, who was seen as one of Australia’s leading agents of change in the environmental sector. The 2013 winner was Ravi Naidu, CEO of the Cooperative Research Centre for Contamination Assessment and Remediation of the Environment. Naidu is a national leader in his field.
Visy was also the 2004 Banksia Environmental Gold Award winner.

</doc>
<doc id="13769753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13769753" title="Yurindo">
Yurindo


</doc>
<doc id="13770190" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13770190" title="Trussardi">
Trussardi

Trussardi is an Italian fashion house, founded in 1911. It began as a leather glove manufacturer, and expanded its line to additional leather goods in the 1970s after Nicola Trussardi took over from his uncle. In the 1980s the company started production of ready-to-wear clothing, in addition to products including perfumes and jeans. By the 1990s Trussardi was selling internationally, with its largest markets in Italy and Japan. Tomaso Trussardi is CEO, Gaia Trussardi is Creative Director, and Maria Luisa Trussardi is President of the Trussardi Group.
Trussardi was founded in 1911 by Dante Trussardi, as a leather glove maker, selling to the public and to the Italian army during World War II until it surrendered to Allied Forces. After his death, Dante's nephew took over the business.
In 1970 Nicola Trussardi took over from his grandfather Dante, after he was killed in a hunting accident. His wife Marialuisa also joined the company, creative director. During the 1970s Nicola Trussardi adapted to changing fashion trends by diversifying into other leather goods and accessories, and eventually non-leather apparel. He started with goods such as wallets, suitcases, belts and shoes, with a new greyhound logo. Nicola took full control of the company after the death of his father.
The company released its first perfume in 1980, named "Trussardi", followed in 1983 by "Trussardi Uomo" for men. Now full head of the company, Nicola launched the first Trussardi women's ready-to-wear line in 1983, followed by a men's line in 1984. Trussardi Jeans was founded in 1986.
The company later added perfume, sport and home lines. By 1985 the brand had 120 stores around the world. The company also developed interior designs for private aircraft and helicopters. Around this time they entered the US market, with sections in department stores in addition to boutiques, and initial franchise locations in Beverly Hills, Atlanta, Miami, and San Francisco. The first Bloomingdales location opened in 1985, with opera singer Luciano Pavarotti in attendance for the grand opening. In Milan, the company held their ready-to-wear runway shows in offbeat locations, including the Piazza Duomo, La Scala, or the Milan railway station. In 1989 the company launched its first eyewear line. In 1993, the company opened a research and development center in Brindisi, which initially focused on raw material research, new fabrics, and changing packaging to be more environmentally friendly.
The company also developed brand-name stores with two lines. The first were Trussardi stores that sold Trussardi fashion goods. The second were called T-Stores, which sold the company's lifestyle line. Goods found at a T-Store can include jeans, sports lines, bicycles, tableware, and confections. The first three stores opened in 1995 in Bangkok, Hong Kong, and Seoul. In 1996, Trussardi released the first official T-Store line of casual clothing, focusing especially on basics. The three initial lines for the collection were Trussardi Sport, Jeans, and T-store, each produced by the company Sosab—owned by Nicola Trussardi and operating out of Modena, Italy. The company's first New York City store opened in 1996 as well. That year the turnover for the company, including licenses, was $530 million. They also opened a new store in Milan within Nicola Trussardi's redeveloped Marino Alla Scala across from the La Scala opera hall. The complex also houses a bar, restaurant, and store.
By this time the company had seven fragrances, with about one third of fragrance sales being done in Europe and two-thirds abroad. In 1998 Trussardi launched a new eyewear line, with both perscription and sun glasses, in addition to a line of time pieces. In 1992 Trussardi licensed its Trussardi Levriero and Trussardi Action lines to the Japanese company C. Itoh for about $1.4 billion over five years. At the time, Japan accounted for about 70% of the company's total exports out of Italy, and there were about 200 Trussardi Levriero stores in the country. Following its partnership with C. Itoh, Nicola Trussardi founded Teijin Ltd, intending it to be Trussardi's long-term partner in the country. In 2003 Trussardi took on Mitsui as its partner in Japan, ending its relationship with Teijin.
Francesco Trussardi, Nicola's son, became chairman of the brand after his father's death in 1999. His sister Beatrice also took a leadership position with the company. After her brother's death in 2003, Beatrice became president and CEO of the fashion house, staying president until Maria Luisa Trussardi took over the position. In 2006 the brand hired Eric Wright, who had previously designed for Fendi, to be the house's head designer. In 2008 Trussardi launched the super high-end line of brand Trussardi dal 1911, designed by Milan Vukmirovic. In 2011 Umit Benan Sahin became the label's creative director, and in 2013 Sahin was replaced by Gaia Trussardi. Prior to becoming creative director for the mainline collections, Gaia had already served as the creative director for Tru Trussardi and Trussardi Jeans. The current head and CEO of the company is Tomaso Trussardi. For the 40th anniversary of their logo, Yuko Shimizu produced an animated short film entitled "Sky Watcher".
Current collections for the fashion house are Trussardi, Tru Trussardi, and Trussardi Jeans. Each of these lines has their own stand-alone stores and covers different aspects of the house's customer base: traditional, a younger crowd, and casual.
Trussardi is the mainline collection of the fashion house, which releases the group's ready-to-wear line and couture collections. It designs clothing for both men and women. The 2014 collection was partially inspired by the films of Jean-Luc Godard and Francois Truffaut. Nicole Phelps wrote of the Trussardi line that, "The Trussardi family business is one of Italy's ultimate heritage houses, with a century-plus history of leather goods artisanship."
Tru Trussardi is the house's more casual collection, with its own stand alone stores. Tru Trussardi releases clothing and accessories.
Trussardi Jeans is the denim line for the fashion house, founded in 1986. The line produces casual wear for both men and women.
Trussardi Junior is the fashion house's children's clothing line, first released in 1983 alongside the company's first ready-to-wear collections. There are two collections for Trussardi Junior, the main collection and the top collection. In 2013 Trussardi licensed the creation of the line to Italian fashion house Pinco Pallino through 2018.
For home décor Trussardi also produced MY Design, with the MY standing for industrial designer Michael Young. His collection was released in 2011, and was inspired by Nicola's work on the interior of aircraft in the 1980s. Trussardi Casa, the collection's current furniture line, was released and presented in 2014 at the Milan Furniture Fair.
The brand also continues to provide an eyewear line for both protective and prescription lenses, as well as a perfume line. Its line of perfumes (Trussardi Parfums) has expanded to 28 varieties. In the 2013-14 season, Trussardi also began designing the off-field uniforms for Juventus Football Club. In 2014, Trussardi formed a partnership with Morellato for the Trussardi Orologi line of Swiss made timepieces. That year the company also formed a partnership with Tollegno 1900 to produce a line of underwear, nightwear and beachwear.
Founded in 2006, Ristorante Trussardi Alla Scala has received two Michelin stars. The first was received in 2008 and the next in 2009, given to executive chef Andrea Berton. Attached is the Cafè Trussardi, which houses an open courtyard overlooking the square, and its glass walls also face Teatro alla Scala and the other buildings on the promenade.
Nicola Trussardi's children and other family members are frequently used in the company's print and television advertising campaigns. This has included Gaia Trussardi, directed in a commercial for the perfume My Name by Gabriele Salvatores, and Tomaso Trussardi's Wim Wenders' directed commercial for the scent My Land. In 2014 photographer William Wegman produced a print campaign for Trussardi, featuring photographs of the company's trademark greyhounds adorned with Trussardi clothing and accessories.

</doc>
<doc id="13770602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13770602" title="Advenza Freight">
Advenza Freight

Advenza Freight was an English rail freight company based in Gloucester. It was part of the Cotswold Rail group. The company was wound up in October 2009.
Advenza Freight was founded in 2001. It obtained a safety case in 2002 and a licence to operate from the Rail Regulator on 16 November 2003.
The company initially sought guarantees from Network Rail on timing and regularity of train paths, but was only able to obtain permission to "spot bid" for free train paths, and so was unable reliably to secure paths for its trains to be able to commence commercially viable operations. Both types of right have restrictive flex provisions for Network Rail and stipulate a maximum turn round time. It then sought guarantees from Network Rail through the Office of Rail Regulation regarding the provision of paths for its trains, in January 2004, it reached agreement with Network Rail, and was to start running containerised palletised freight from London (Barking) to Glasgow.
Advenza was scheduled to commence operating between Barking, Essex (Roadways Limited's sidings) and Deanside Glasgow (John G Russell) in April 2004, using trains of containers which would be trans-shipped from rail to the respective operator depots to tranship pallet load freight. This was using three cycles a week, north bound Monday-Wednesday-Friday, and southbound Tuesday-Thursday-Saturday. However, due to uncertainties with the provision of locomotives and the fact that the supporting systems were not yet in place even though all the drivers had been route-trained, the launch was postponed.
Following negotiations with other train operators to provide rolling stock and traction, refinancing of the company introducing new investors, completion of the IT systems, further training of the drivers, and being able to obtain fixed paths from Network Rail, the "FreightBus" service commenced operations now between Willesden, London and Mossend, Glasgow on 25 October 2004. This was a nightly service in both directions, operating as the UK's only Class 1 freight service at the time, hauled by EWS Class 90 electric locomotives operating up to 110 mph. The north and south bound services were timed to meet at where the train crews would change over. For the three weeks that the service was in operation, only one train was late on arrival.
However the turn up and go pallet service fully backed by an on-line booking system failed to attract sufficient customers and so was closed, and the company put up for sale.
In 2005 Cotswold Rail acquired Advenza primarily for its safety case. In 2006 Advenza gained permission to operate passenger trains on the UK network.
As well as operating locomotives for Cotswold Rail's passenger charters, the company undertook transport of rolling stock, as well as operating several scrap metal trains including workings from Stockton on Tees to Cardiff, and Shipley, and from Hitchin to Sheerness; the company having begun leasing 102t GLW box wagons from VTG in 2008. A fly ash train from West Burton Power Station to Tilbury was operated briefly, starting on 2 June 2009.
The company was wound up on 7 October 2009 after an application by HM Revenue & Customs over unpaid taxes.
Advenza operated two Class 47s (47237 and 47375), two Class 57s (57005 and 57006), and four Class 66s (66841 - 66844). The Class 66 locomotives were acquired in the summer of 2009, shortly before the company ceased business, and 66843 is thought to have not have been used in revenue service.
The company also leased other locomotive types including Class 20s, and operated trains for Cotswold Rail using its passenger train operating licence.

</doc>
<doc id="13774196" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13774196" title="LBi">
LBi

LBi INTERNATIONAL N.V. was a global marketing and technology agency, now merged with Digitas to form DigitasLBi.
Headquartered in Amsterdam (the Netherlands), LBi had 32 offices in 17 countries and a staff of approximately 2,000, who collaborate with brands on digital marketing services such as design, branded content, mobile, CRM and social media. In 2012 Publicis Groupe bought LBi for €416m in cash, and in 2013 merged the company with Digitas.
Formed by the merger of LB Icon and Framfab in August 2006, then remodelled after the merger with bigmouthmedia in 2010. It was listed on Euronext in Amsterdam. From 2006 until the bigmouthmedia merger in 2010 LBi was a dual-listed company with shares also available on the OMX Nordic Exchange in Stockholm (symbol: LBI). LB is an acronym for Lost Boys, Icon was formerly named Icon Medialab, Framfab was Framtidsfabriken - the Future Factory. Indian born businessman Vandan T is a new face of the company
One of the three current New York city offices became part of the LBi group of companies after merging with IconMedialab in the 1990s. This was previously Tom Nicholson Associates, a company started by Thomas J Nicholson in 1987. It is located in the historic Puck Building on the corner of Lafayette and Houston.
The Atlanta office is led by Joe Schab and became part of LBi upon the acquisition of Creative Digital Group in 2007.
In January 2008, LBi acquired specialist search optimisation company Netrank in a move to boost its search capabilities. The agency beat WPP Group and a second undisclosed bidder to buy the agency.
In April 2008, LBi bought social media agency Special Ops for $45m. Special Ops co-founders, Jason Klein and Christian Anthony, were both exited from LBi in a management restructure late in 2010.
On 1 August 2010, LBi was absorbed by Obtineo. and the company delisted from the Swedish stock exchange. Obtineo was composed of digital agency bigmouthmedia and €50m of new investment from the Carlyle Group, Cyrte and Janivo. On the same date, Obtineo rebranded as LBi.
LBi acquired the New York-based Mr Youth in November 2011 in a deal worth $40m.
In November 2012, LBi announced the acquisition of ecommerce systems integrator Sceneric.
In September 2012, Publicis Groupe bought LBi for £333m in a cash deal, and later merged the company with Digitas to form DigitasLBi.
The company had over 2,000 employees located primarily in the major European and American business centers: Amsterdam, Atlanta, Berlin, Brussels, Copenhagen, Cologne, Dubai, Edinburgh, Exeter, Ghent, Hamburg, London, Madrid, Milan, Mumbai, Munich, New York City, Malmö, Stockholm and Zurich. As of 2011, clients included: ABN Amro, BT, Barclays Capital, Canon, Confused, British Airways, Autoglass, Sony, Thomas Cook and Volvo.
In June 2012, Michael Islip replaced Phil Gripton as MD of LBi UK. []

</doc>
<doc id="13774396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13774396" title="Ferd (company)">
Ferd (company)

Ferd is a Norwegian holding company which holds partial ownership in companies within industry and finance as well as a real estate portfolio. The company has 37 employees and is owned by Johan H. Andresen and his two daughters Katharina and Alexandra; it was established in 2001. The group also has a number of venture and private equity holdings.
The company's name "ferd" is a Norwegian word meaning journey.
The company operates in several business areas including:
The company was founded in 2001, when Tiedemanns-Joh. H. Andresen DA and Hartog & Co AS were merged to form the current Ferd AS. The company's history dates back to 1849, when the Andresen family acquired J. L. Tiedemanns Tobaksfabrik, a tobacco factory. The original tobacco company was sold to Skandinavisk Tobakskompagni in 1998.
"Ferd Private Equity", renamed "Herkules Capital" after its spinout in 2008, makes private equity investments on behalf of third party investors through leveraged buyouts and growth capital infusions Herkules currently manages approximately NOK 6.25 billion. Ferd Private Equity was established in 2003 with Ferd serving as the cornerstone investor in the group's first fund. Ferd raised a new fund in 2006 and completed a spinout in March 2008.
Ferd's portfolio consists, among others, of:

</doc>
<doc id="13774600" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13774600" title="Laco">
Laco

Laco is a Norwegian holding company that has investments within seafood, shipping and other marine activities. The main subsidiaries are Austevoll Havfiske, Bravo Tug, DOF Holding, Mogstein and Møgster Management. Through this the company controls DOF, Geo and Austevoll Seafood.

</doc>
<doc id="13775076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13775076" title="Norwegian Hull Club">
Norwegian Hull Club

Norwegian Hull Club is a mutual marine insurance company. The company operates within hull and machinery insurance, loss of hire insurance and total loss interests insurance. Main offices are in Bergen, with additional offices in Oslo and Kristiansand.
Norwegian Hull Club's homepage
Assurance associations started in Norway in 1806. In 1837 the foundation seemed firmer and both Langesundfjordens Skibs Assuranceforening (later called Den Første Norske Assuranceforening) and Skibsassurance-foreningen in Arendal were established. These two clubs became the roots of UNITAS. Those were the days of white sails and a number of clubs were founded along the coast of Norway to offer financial service to the growing Norwegian merchant marine. Bergens Assuranceforening was founded in 1850.
In the middle of the nineteenth century the fleet of steamships expanded rapidly and the fastest growth was in Bergen. In order to cover the insurance needs of the steamships owned by the Bergen shipowners, Bergen Dampskibs-Assuranceforening was founded in 1879. Other steamship clubs were also founded around the coast, the most important in eastern Norway, Skibsassuranceforeningen Vidar in 1895.
Bergens Assuranceforening and Bergens Dampskibs-Assuranceforening merged in 1937 to form Bergen Hull Club. In 1951 UNITAS was formed through a merger of several clubs on the east coast of Norway led by Skibsassuranceforeningen Vidar. In the years to come UNITAS merged with the remaining clubs on the east and south coast of Norway.
In 2001 Bergen Hull Club and UNITAS merged to create Norwegian Hull Club. Norwegian Hull Club therefore carries forward the history of all the mutual hull clubs in Norway into a new century.
The purpose of the mergers has always been to create a more concentrated and rational operation - to the advantage of the shipowners who have demanded an increasingly higher level of competence and efficiency. Evolution means a constant development creating new entities with the consequential ending of others. Such evolution has been one of the important strengths of the mutual hull clubs. The clubs have always been able to adapt to changing conditions.

</doc>
<doc id="13776878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13776878" title="Hydro Oil &amp; Gas">
Hydro Oil &amp; Gas

Hydro Oil & Gas is a defunct division of Norsk Hydro that operated within the oil and gas industry. On October 1, 2007 it merged with Statoil to form the new corporation StatoilHydro.
Hydro's main operations in petroleum were on the Norwegian continental shelf, but also operates in Angola, Canada, Russia and Libya. Hydro was the operator of 13 oil fields and had a production of 563,000 barrels of oil equivalents.
Hydro also operated gas stations in Sweden under the brand name Hydro and operates in Norway and Denmark with the name HydroTexaco in joint venture with Chevron. In 2006 there were 460 stations in Norway and 550 in Denmark. Also the brands Uno-X and Rema Bensin were operated by this venture.
In 1965 Hydro joined Elf Aquitaine and six other French companies to form Petronord to perform search for oil and gas in the North Sea. Hydro soon became a large company in the North Sea petroleum industry, and also became operator of a number of fields, the first being Oseberg.
Hydro acquired in the late 1980s the Mobil service stations in Norway, Sweden and Denmark, changing their name to Hydro. In 1995 Hydro merged its stations in Norway and Denmark with the Texaco, creating the joint venture HydroTexaco. The service station chain was sold in 2006 to Reitangruppen and the stations changed name to YX Energi. In 1999 Hydro acquired Norway's third largest petroleum company Saga Petroleum, who had major upstream operations primarily in Norway and the United Kingdom. The British operations were later sold.
The merger proposal with Statoil was announced in December 2006. Under the rules of the EEA the merger was approved by the European Union on May 3, 2007 and by the Norwegian Parliament on June 8, 2007. The Norwegian Government, the biggest shareholder in both Statoil and Norsk Hydro, holds 62.5% of the company. Jens Stoltenberg, the Prime Minister of Norway commented that he views the merger as "the start of a new era. We are creating a global energy company and strengthening Norway’s oil and gas industry."

</doc>
<doc id="13779573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13779573" title="Izukyū Corporation">
Izukyū Corporation

The is a private railroad company in Japan, and a subsidiary of the Tokyu Corporation. The company operates the Izu Kyūkō Line train service on Izu Peninsula in Shizuoka Prefecture, and has subsidiary operations involved in taxi and bus services, as well as real estate and leisure resort development and a cable television network.
The Tokyu Corporation began preliminary work on a train line connecting Itō Station, the terminal station of the Japan National Railway’s Itō Line, with Shimoda, at the southern tip of the Izu Peninsula in 1956. A wholly owned subsidiary, the was created on April 11, 1959, and construction work on the new line began in February 1960. On February 20, 1961, the company changed its name to its current name of Izukyū Corporation. Actual train operation began at Itō Station on December 10, 1961, and a centralized traffic control center established at Itō in 1982.
Izukyū Corporation was listed in the Second Section of the Tokyo Stock Exchange from November 1, 1972. However, it was delisted on October 1, 2004 and returned to the status of a fully owned subsidiary of the Tokyu Corporation.
At present, the company operates one train line, the Izu Kyūkō Line, with a total length of 45.7 kilometers.
The Shimoda Ropeway is a subsidiary of the Izukyū Corporation.

</doc>
<doc id="13779839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13779839" title="Shinano Railway">
Shinano Railway

The is a Japanese third-sector railway operating company established in 1996 to operate passenger railway services on the section of the JR East Shinetsu Main Line within Nagano Prefecture when it is separated from the JR East network in October 1997, coinciding with the opening of the Nagano Shinkansen (Hokuriku Shinkansen) from to . The company was founded on May 1, 1996, and has its headquarters in Ueda, Nagano.
Shares in the company are owned by Nagano Prefecture, the cities of Nagano, Ueda, Komoro, Chikuma, Saku and Tōmi, the towns of Karuizawa, Miyota, Sakaki, Shinano, and Iizuna and private-sector businesses.
On October 1, 1997, the company took over control of local passenger operations on the 65.1 km section of the JR East Shinetsu Main Line between and . This section is called the Shinano Railway Line.
From March 14, 2015, the company took over control of local passenger operations on the 37.3 km section of the JR East Shinetsu Main Line between and . This section is called the Kita-Shinano Line.
The company was founded on May 1, 1996, and started railway business on the Shinano Railway Line on October 1, 1997.

</doc>
<doc id="13781144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13781144" title="Eizan Electric Railway">
Eizan Electric Railway

The name of this small railway network is abbreviated as , and is derived from the name of its predecessor, the of the Keifuku Electric Railroad. The present company was founded in 1985 as a subsidiary of Keifuku. The purpose of reorganization was to reduce the huge deficit of the Eiden lines, which had been completely isolated from the main Keifuku network since the abandonment of the Kyoto City Tramways in 1978. The split-off was considered to be an urgent matter, awaiting the completion of a long-awaited rail connection between the two networks of Eiden and Keihan. The Keihan Electric Railway was at that time constructing the Ōtō Line to the Eiden terminal at Demachiyanagi. The opening of the Ōtō Line significantly reduced the deficit of Eiden. Later on, in 2002, all shares of Keifuku were transferred from Keifuku to Keihan, of which Eiden became a wholly owned subsidiary. This railway accepts the Surutto Kansai card for payment, but not the PiTaPa card.
The Co. opened the - present-day Eizen Main Line in 1925, dual track 1435mm gauge electrified at 600 VDC. Its purpose was primarily to serve as a tourist line to Mount Hiei. The Takarakaike - Yase-Hieizan-guchi section was reduced to single track in 1944 and the rails recycled for the Japanese war effort. The section was re-duplicated in 1951.
The Kurama Line was built by the jointly owned company in order to provide access to Kurama temple and Kibune shrine in the hills north of Kyoto, from present-day (up into the mountain) to . The first section, present-day Takaragaike to was opened in 1928, with the extension to the following year, 1435mm gauge electrified at 600 VDC and dual track to Nikenchaya. The dual track section was reduced to single track in 1939, and reduplicated in 1958.
For service
For maintenance

</doc>
<doc id="13783191" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13783191" title="Mint.com">
Mint.com

Mint.com is a free, web-based personal financial management service for Canada and the US, created by Aaron Patzer. Mint originally provided account aggregation through a deal with Yodlee, but has since moved to using Intuit for connecting to accounts. Mint's primary service allows users to track bank, credit card, investment, and loan balances and transactions through a single user interface, as well as create budgets and set financial goals. In 2009, Mint was acquired by Intuit, the makers of Quicken and TurboTax.
As of 2010, Mint.com claims to connect with more than 16,000 Canadian and US financial institutions, and to support more than 17 million individual financial accounts. , Mint.com claimed to have more than 10 million users. In 2016, Mint.com claimed to have over 20 million users.
Mint raised over $31M in venture capital funding from DAG Ventures, Shasta Ventures, and First Round Capital, as well as from angel investors including Ram Shriram, an early investor in Google. The latest round of $14M was closed on August 4, 2009, and reported by CEO Aaron Patzer as preemptive. TechCrunch later pegged the valuation of Mint at $140M.
In February 2008, revenue was generated through lead generation, earned via earning referral fees from recommendations of highly personalized, targeted financial products to its users.
On September 13, 2009, TechCrunch reported Intuit would acquire Mint for $170 million. An official announcement was made the following day.
On November 2, 2009, Intuit announced their acquisition of Mint.com was complete. The former CEO of Mint.com, Aaron Patzer, was named Vice President and General Manager of Intuit’s personal finance group, responsible for Mint.com and all Quicken online, desktop, and mobile offerings. Patzer further added the features of the online product Mint.com would be incorporated into the Quicken desktop product, and vice versa, as two collaborative aspects of the Intuit Personal Finance team. Patzer left Intuit in December 2012.
Mint asks users to provide both the user names and the passwords to their bank accounts, credit cards, and other financial accounts, which Mint then stores in their databases in a decryptable format. This has raised concerns that if the Mint databases were ever hacked, both user names and passwords would become available to rogue third parties. Some banks support a separate "access code" for read-only access to financial information, which reduces the risk to some degree.

</doc>
<doc id="13783276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13783276" title="Children's Book Council of Australia">
Children's Book Council of Australia

The Children's Book Council of Australia is a not for profit organisation which aims to engage the community with literature for young Australians. The CBCA presents the annual Children’s Book of the Year Awards to books of literary merit, recognising their contribution to Australian children's literature.
The Children’s Book Council of Australia was founded in 1945 and the first Australian Children's Book of the Year Award was presented in 1946. At that time and until 1952, there was a category (now the ).
In 1952 a category for the was created, a category in 1982, the in 1993, and the category was created in 2001, bringing the total number of categories to five.
Initially the awards were funded through Government grants (1966–1988), and later by individual and corporation donations and sponsorships. A major five-year partnership with the Myer Group provided $50,000.00 per year. When this ceased the CBCA decided to establish the CBCA Awards Foundation. This was set up in 1996 and raised over one million dollars. Raylee Elliott Burns, National President and Chair of the 1996 AGM, said in her subsequent introduction to the Prospectus: “The advocacy role played by the Children's Book Council has helped to promote the literary experience for children and to assure the scope and vitality of writing and publishing for children in Australia… The Children's Book Council of Australia invites Australians everywhere to invest in the future of readers through the support of the CBCA Awards Foundation.” Proceeds from investments now fund prizes for the awards in perpetuity. Benefactors (donations $20,000.00 and over) and Major Donors ($5000.00 and over) are permanently acknowledged on all printed and electronic matter emanating from the CBCA.
The CBCA is a national organisation with branches in every state and territory of Australia. Some branches also have sub-branches. Branches are mostly autonomous, but generally adhere to guidelines set by the National Board. The National Board was established in 2012 and represents every branch of the CBCA. The Board is responsible for the annual Book of the Year Awards, plus the presentation of the prizes as well as Children’s Book Week and the annual range of merchandise, as well as the online reviewing journal "Reading Time" and the biennial National Conferences.
Dame Annabelle Rankin Award - presented for distinguished services to children’s literature in Queensland.
Nan Chauncy Award – a national biennial award presented to recognise a person’s outstanding contribution to the field of children’s literature in Australia.
Crichton Award for Children's Book Illustration – an annual award to recognise new talent in the field of Australian children's book illustration.
Leila St John Award - for services to children’s literature in Victoria.
Lady Cutler Award - presented for distinguished services to children's literature in NSW.
The Lu Rees Archives is a research collection of books, artworks and papers by and about Australian children's authors, illustrators and publishers housed at the University of Canberra Library. In 1974 Lu Rees, then President of the ACT Branch of the CBCA, proposed that the ACT Branch would begin a collection of biographical files on Australian children's authors and illustrators and a collection of their works. Lu Rees offered her personal collection of several hundred works "as a first step.". The collection was largely developed with donations from CBCA members. In 1979, in response to the International Year of the Child, Lu Rees initiated a plan to collect overseas translated editions of Australian authors. "...one of the Librarians from the Canberra Public Library Service (CPLS) rang me and asked, ‘What are you doing about the International Year of the Child?’... if I could throw in a personal idea, it would be to emphasise the ‘International’ and try to get foreign editions of our own authors’ work in the children’s field."
In 1980, it was suggested that the collection, which had outgrown the home of Lu Rees, could be housed at the Canberra College of Advanced Education (now the University of Canberra), where it could be accessed by students and researchers. In the same year, the Library of the Canberra College of Advanced Education, under Chief Librarian Victor Crittenden (later first Chair of the Lu Rees Archives Management Committee) agreed to house the collection, catalogue the resources and provide in kind support. 
At the time of handing over in July 1980, the collection became known as the Lu Rees Archives, after its founder.
Since 1983, the Archives has been managed by the Lu Rees Archives Management Committee, members of which include representatives of the local and national Children's Book Council of Australia, the University of Canberra Library, national and public libraries and tertiary institutions in Canberra, as well as those managing the Archives and its activities. Management of the Archives is guided by the Lu Rees Archives Strategic Plan.

</doc>
<doc id="13785853" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13785853" title="Nunnauuni">
Nunnauuni

Nunnanlahden Uuni Oy is a Finnish public limited company originating from Nunnanlahti in Northern Karelia. The company's main office is located at Juuka, a town near the city of Joensuu in Northeastern Finland. The company's subsidiary is NunnaUuni Oy. NunnaUuni Oy is known for its heat-preserving NunnaUuni fireplaces that the company produces from its own deposit of MammuttiStone, a soapstone material that has proved an excellent material for fireplaces.
Nunnanlahden Uuni Oy was founded in 1982 and the company began industrial production of heat-preserving fireplaces during the same year. At the beginning of 2007, the company handed over its production, sales and marketing functions to its subsidiary company, NunnaUuni Oy. At the moment, NunnaUuni Oy is the largest privately owned company in its field in Finland. The company has participated in numerous co-operational research projects and it also conducts research and product development on its own. Due to its research and product development efforts, the company has approximately 60 registered patents and 100 product models registered for protection.
Nunnanlahden Uuni Oy was founded 25 years ago on the 5th of August, 1982. The company started its industrial production in a small 70 square-metre garage and had 4 employees in addition to its founder and CEO, Juhani Lehikoinen. In 25 years, the company has grown to one of the most successful companies operating in Finland.
Juha Lehikoinen's father Tahvo was a second generation fireplace-maker and worked at the Nunnanlahti soapstone site for nearly 40 years. He had expert knowledge about soapstone and its various characteristics and knew the Nunnanlahti soapstone site as well as anyone in the region.
At the beginning of 2007, NunnaUuni Oy had 240 employees. The company's total revenue is approximately 26 million euros per year. More than half of this revenue comes from export sales. The company exports its products mainly to German-speaking regions of Central Europe.
NunnaUuni Oy has sales partners in 15 different countries. The company has 150 licensed resellers in Finland in addition to its network of over 30 NunnaUuni-licensed fireplace-makers. Altogether the company has approximately 500 licensed resellers internationally and domestically.
Over the years, Nunnanlahden Uuni Oy has actively promoted research in its field of business. The company has used these research results in its product development processes, while giving special attention to sustainable development practices by focusing on the needs of customers and environmental issues.
The company's traditional fireplace products, NunnaUuni fireplaces, are built from MammuttiStone soapstone and the fireplaces are produced by employing the Golden Fire clean burning process and recent innovations in product development. These practices have helped the company to produce products that combine enhanced heat-preservation qualities with smaller size and total mass weight of fireplace products. Such product enhancements are especially beneficial for clients who want to use their living spaces more efficiently and are looking for a heat-preserving but small fireplace for their home. The new form factor of fireplaces suits modern living spaces in both its measurements and heat production qualities.
1982
1986
1993
1998
2006
2007

</doc>
<doc id="13788287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13788287" title="Georgia Bank &amp; Trust">
Georgia Bank &amp; Trust

The Georgia Bank & Trust Company, is a bank holding company based in Augusta, Georgia. It is the largest private banking company in Georgia, with a market capitalization of just over $1.7 billion. It is also one of the largest private banking companies in the United States. The bank has offices in Richmond County and Columbia County, with mortgage centers in Augusta and Savannah. It was founded in 1989. The company is community oriented and mainly focuses on real-estate, commercial, and consumer loans as well as various deposit and other services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses and professionals in the area.

</doc>
<doc id="13789403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13789403" title="Majestic Wine">
Majestic Wine

Majestic Wine plc is the United Kingdom's largest specialist retailer of wine. The group's operating companies include:
Majestic Vintners was founded by Sheldon Graner in 1980. Graner gained his experience as a merchandiser with the John Lewis group, and coupled this with his passion and hobby as a wine broker/trader to set up Majestic. He called the business 'Majestic' after his other passion, collecting early UK postage stamps, especially those of Kings Edward VII and George V. The initial design logo for the company was based on a definitive set of King George V postage stamps of 1929
In the late 1970s, wine could only be bought through off licences or specialist wine retailers, usually in city centres, and only during limited hours. Using his merchandising expertise, Graner conceived the idea of selling wine throughout the day via a warehouse, with a minimum purchase of 12 bottles (1 case) to comply with licensing laws at the time. Another innovation was that individual wines could be tasted before buying.
Graner opened his first wine warehouse in Harringay, North London, in 1980, under the management of Tony Mason, brought in by Graner to manage the day-to-day activities. The second store was opened in Battersea in May 1981. In mid-1981, the group called in receivers, and was bought by investment banker Giles Clarke, where as Chairman Clarke built it into a UK national chain. From August 1987 to May 1988, Clarke was chairman of Majestic Wine Corporation Inc, a United States company which owned a chain of 104 stores trading as Liquor Barn in California and Arizona. Following disposal of the US-based businesses, Clarke sold the UK plc business of Majestic Wines for £15 million in 1989 to investors, and went on to form Pet City.
In 1986, Mason set up Wizard Wine under the same concept, which in 1987 was purchased by retailer Bejam. After Bejam was purchased by rival Iceland in 1989, Mason and partners John Apthorp (now retired) and Tim How (CEO until 2008) bought Wizard Wine from the heavily-indebted Iceland. In 1991, Wizard Wine purchased Majestic Wine PLC in a leveraged buyout, and merged under the Majestic Wine Warehouses brand as a private company.
Headquartered in Watford, Hertfordshire, under the leadership of Tim How (CEO until 2008), Majestic Wine became a public company in 1996, floating on the Alternative Investment Market (AIM).
Majestic Wine Warehouses operates as a wine retailer, selling a mixture of wine, champagne and spirits. Majestic's stores offer customers free tasting, free delivery and free glass hire.
Majestic Wine currently has 211 stores in the UK.
The company's Chairman is Phil Wrigley, and its Chief Executive is Rowan Gormley.
As of June 2016, Majestic Wine has announced a double digit sales boost since the purchase of Naked Wines. 

</doc>
<doc id="13790784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13790784" title="Hydro (fuel-station chain)">
Hydro (fuel-station chain)

Hydro was a chain of fuel stations throughout Sweden owned by Statoil. The chain had more than 500 stations, as well as some unmanned Uno-X stations. The company also operated in retailing natural gas, electricity and heating oil.
The Hydro chain was created in the late 1980s when Norsk Hydro bought the Mobil stations in Norway, Sweden and Denmark to transform itself to a vertically integrated petroleum company. The stations were rebranded Hydro in all three countries. In 1995 the Norwegian and Danish stations were converted to Hydro Texaco when Hydro merged its stations in the two countries with Texaco's stations. In 2007 the ownership of Hydro was transferred to StatoilHydro when Norsk Hydro's oil and gas division merged with Statoil. When StatoilHydro was renamed Statoil in November 2009, the use of the Hydro-brand was discontinued and ownership of the Hydro filling stations was transferred to St1.

</doc>
<doc id="13791073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13791073" title="Uno-X">
Uno-X

Uno-X is a chain of unmanned fuel stations throughout Norway and Denmark. It is operated as the low-cost section of YX Energi. The chain was originally created as a low cost chain in Denmark in the late 1950s. The rights to use the name in Sweden were sold to Britain's Burmah Oil. In 1991 Norsk Hydro acquired the 330 outlets of the Danish operation and five years later it bought the Swedish Uno-X chain from Burmah. 
After Norsk Hydro merged its operations in Denmark and Norway with Texaco, the chain was repositioned on wholly unmanned sites under a new yellow, black and red logo, and now has around 110 stations in Norway and 200 stations in Denmark. The Danish chain includes the architecturally well known Skovshoved Petrol Station designed in 1936 by Arne Jacobsen.
Following Norsk Hydro's acquisition by Statoil, the 250 stations in Sweden were sold in December 2009 to St1 and the Norwegian and Danish operations to the retail group Reitangruppen.
Uno-X Hydrogen plans to build 20 hydrogen stations before 2020, each capable of dispensing 200 kg of hydrogen per day, and 100 kg in 3 hours.

</doc>
<doc id="13793711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13793711" title="Mycogen Seeds">
Mycogen Seeds

Mycogen Seeds, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, United States, provides seeds for agriculture. Mycogen produces, markets and sells hybrid seed corn. The company also markets and sells sorghum, sunflower, soybean, alfalfa, and canola.
The Mycogen Corporation was formed in 1982 by members of the San Diego business and scientific communities, including David H. Rammler, a partner in the venture capital firm of Vanguard Associates, who served as the first chairman of the company, and Andrew C. Barnes, a biochemist with an MBA from the Stanford School of Business. The original concept was to develop environmentally safe herbicides from fungi using genetic engineering, thus the name Mycogen, coined from the Greek words for fungus and genetics. The company was acquired by Dow Chemical Company in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="13797265" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13797265" title="NTT Europe Ltd">
NTT Europe Ltd

NTT Europe Ltd was founded in 1988 and has its headquarters in London, UK with branch offices in many European locations. It is a wholly owned subsidiary of NTT Communications Corp and is thus part of the NTT Group of companies.
The NTT Group flagship and leader in the Asia market outside Japan is NTT Com Asia in Hong Kong.

</doc>
<doc id="13798231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13798231" title="Acorn Computers (2006)">
Acorn Computers (2006)

Acorn Computers Ltd was a company based in Nottingham, England in the United Kingdom. It licensed, in early 2006, the dormant Acorn Computers trademark from French company Aristide & Co Antiquaire De Marques. This company sold IBM PC compatible computers and had no connection to ARM.
In April 2006, internet news portals claimed that the company was to relaunch. The new company announced its range before the 2006 "Computer Trade Show", held at the NEC near Birmingham, UK. At the show, the company distributed leaflets inviting people to "be part of one of the most exciting brand re-launches in UK history" by joining its reseller program.
The company sold a range of laptop computers. The systems used Microsoft Windows rather than the RISC OS operating system developed by the original Acorn Computers and this incarnation of Acorn did not support or license any technologies or products of the original, apart from the name and trademark.
The reuse of the Acorn Computers Ltd name caused an amount of confusion and controversy, particularly amongst users of the original company's products.
On 24 July 2006, Nominet's Dispute Resolution Service (DRS) ruled that the domain name "acorncomputers.co.uk" should be transferred to the new Acorn from computer enthusiast Roy Johnson. The company made a complaint to the DRS contending that the "use of [Acorn Computers'] company name is illegal and has caused much confusion and continues to do so which is detrimental to [Acorn] and extremely misleading". Despite the fact that Johnson appeared to have been operating the website since at least 2001, five years before the new Acorn was registered as a company, Nominet ruled in favour of Acorn, as Johnson had not maintained an accurate record of his postal address, and mail to Johnson's registered address was returned by Royal Mail marked 'addressee has gone away'.
Acorn Computers Ltd failed to file any accounts at Companies House, and so was struck off the limited companies register and dissolved in December 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="13798492" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13798492" title="RTÉ Television">
RTÉ Television

RTÉ Television is a department of Ireland's national broadcaster Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ). 
The first channel to broadcast was Telefís Éireann which began broadcasting on 31 December 1961. Since the 1960s, RTÉ Television has rapidly changed to include further television channels and provide television services with the latest digital technologies.
Proposed Channels
With the launch of digital terrestrial television in the Republic of Ireland, Saorview will give RTÉ the opportunity to offer viewers greater choice. In the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland RTÉ aspire to provide viewers with additional channels which will include a high-definition channel RTÉ Two HD, RTÉ Plus, a combined offering of RTÉ's children's services which includes RTÉjr and TRTÉ and RTÉ Aertel Digital which will include an enhanced digital teletext service. Existing services include RTÉ One, RTÉ Two and RTÉ News Now.
It has been announced that both RTÉ and Irish language public broadcaster TG4 will launch a digital multiplex on Freeview in Northern Ireland. The multiplex has gained approval from the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland and Ofcom where both authorities concluding that it would not interfere with competition regulations within the territory. The multiplex will be based in the Republic of Ireland and will be available to over 90% of homes in Northern Ireland from digital switchover day on 24 October 2012, and will be operated by Multiplex Broadcasting Services N.I. Limited a joint venture between RTÉ and TG4.
RTÉ International has been put forward for the last number of years. The Department of Communications, Energy and Natural Recourses would like to see the roll out of this service in the near future however RTÉ's main area of International Broadcast has been to provide their services via their website and RTÉ player.
It was initially proposed that RTÉ Three would be part of the forthcoming services as details of this channels were provided to the Broadcasting Authority of Ireland (BAI) with RTÉ NL's application for the commercial DTT Muxes with UPC Ireland under the name EasyTV.
In terms of radio, Ireland was one of the first countries in Europe to embrace this medium of communication, but was a relative late comer to television. Unlike its European counterparts the Government of Ireland did not utilise the medium of television until 1961. Countries such as the United Kingdom (1922), France (1935) and Italy (1954) embraced television before Ireland. Prior to the launch of the Republic of Ireland's national broadcaster RTÉ, television services were available though limited from Northern Ireland through BBC Northern Ireland and UTV. However, the Irish government considered television to be a luxury, and refused to allow Radio Éireann to set up a television service for several years.
In the late 1950s, a Television Committee was formed; their goal was to set up an Irish television service with as little financial commitment from Dublin as possible. It initially recommended setting up a service along the lines of ITV, plus five mountain tops as transmission sites, which were also equipped for FM radio transmission. However, since Éamon de Valera was somewhat wary of television, nothing more of consequence was done until Seán Lemass succeeded him as Taoiseach in 1959. A year later, Radio Éireann was converted from an arm of the Department of Posts and Telegraphs into a semi-state body and given responsibility for television. Eamonn Andrews was appointed as the new chairman.
Telefís Éireann began broadcasting at 19:00 on New Year's Eve, 1961. (It was originally supposed to go on the air on Christmas of that year, but Andrews gave the 'Radio Éireann' staff time off for Christmas.) The opening address by President de Valera described the benefits and disadvantages of the new medium; he went on to say that 'Like atomic energy, it can be used for incalculable good, but it can also do irreparable harm.' There were other messages from Cardinal d'Alton and Lemass; following this, a live concert was broadcast from the Gresham Hotel in Dublin. The show, which was a countdown to the New Year, was hosted by Andrews, with appearances by Patrick O'Hagan, the Artane Boys' Band and Michael O'Hehir.
Television opened up a completely new world to the Irish people. Topics which were hitherto not discussed in Ireland, such as abortion, contraception and various other controversial topics, were now being openly discussed in television studios; "The Late Late Show", which began in July 1962 and continues to run on RTÉ One. Its original host, Gay Byrne, pioneered many of these discussions, and has been credited with being a major influence in the changing social structure of Ireland.
RTÉ was the first broadcaster to have public System I 625-line transmissions in 1962, two years before the launch of BBC Two in that format. The broadcaster made its first official colour transmissions in 1969 – although a mistake in standards conversion may have transmitted the 1968 Wimbledon Men's Finals in colour. The first programme made in colour by RTÉ was the documentary special "John Hume's Derry", under the "7 Days" banner. Since 1969 RTÉ could transmit programmes made in colour which were imported from UK & US which were shown on RTÉ Television. The next phase was outside-broadcasts in colour, and the first was Ireland's hosting of the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 & Railway Cup Finals 1971, the first of many such productions by RTÉ. The first studios at RTÉ's headquarters in Donnybrook went into colour in 1972. This was followed by the news studios in 1974. All of RTÉ's studios at Donnybrook, Dublin were equipped for colour broadcasts by 1976. The last studio in RTÉ to go into colour was Studio 1 the then-home of Ireland's flagship talkshow "The Late Late Show".
In 1977, a new government came to power, and as one of its many promises, the government quickly authorised a second channel to be run by RTÉ. RTÉ 2's remit was to provide alternative television. As a consequence, the original RTÉ 2 schedule had many live relays of British programmes; however, there was also some original RTÉ 2 programming. The new television channel went on the air on 2 November 1978, and the opening night featured a gala variety show from the Cork Opera House.
In 1987, RTÉ 2 was renamed Network 2, with the revamp intended to revive flagging viewership ratings, with many preferring to watch BBC Northern Ireland or UTV, both accessible within much of the Republic. All sports coverage was transferred to the newly renamed channel, along with all children's programmes. The few Irish-language programmes provided by RTÉ were now broadcast on Network 2, although RTÉ One now also broadcasts Irish-language programmes.
On 15 April 1989, Network 2's "Sports Stadium" aired live coverage of the English FA Cup semi-final tie between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Hillsborough and the unfolding disaster as the pens in the terraces became overcrowded and fans began to spill onto the pitch. 96 people died as a result of their injuries in the tragedy. 
In 1992, RTÉ became a shareholder in Euronews. The 24-hour pan-European news channel operated by members of the European Broadcasting Union.
Although Irish language programmes, such as news bulletins ("Nuacht") and the long-running documentary series "Léargas" ('insight'), have been an integral part of the schedule, a new Irish-language TV service, Teilifís na Gaeilge (now TG4), began broadcasting in 1996.
Ahead of the 50th anniversary of RTÉ Television, John Bowman wrote a history of RTÉ Television called "Window and Mirror. RTÉ Television: 1961–2011", which was launched by Taoiseach Enda Kenny at the National Museum in Dublin on 23 November 2011. TV50 was launched by RTÉ on 26 December 2011. In December 2011 RTÉ launched TV50, which will celebrate 50 years of Irish life on television throughout 2012, beginning on 1 January 2012.
RTÉ's main studio complex is the Television Centre at Donnybrook in Dublin, the only other production studios being in Cork. RTÉ Cork, opened in 1995 and became a huge success, it is also a large contributor to network output on both radio and television. There are also a number of news studios around the country the largest of which is in Belfast.
The following figures were issued by RTÉ as part of their Annual report 2012.
RTÉ television provides 5 scheduling strands. RTÉ One is aimed at a mainstream audience and is the main broadcaster for News, Current Affairs and Original Drama. RTÉ2 provides the majority of entertainment, comedy, children's programming and sports. RTÉ One +1 airs from 7pm and is timeshift service to RTÉ One's main schedule, it timeshares with RTÉjr, which begins at 7am each morning with programming aimed at pre-school children. RTÉ News Now provides rotating news broadcasts of the main news programmes airing on RTÉ One.
On 8 August 2012 RTÉ Television confirmed its 2012/2013 autumn-winter schedule. The new season of programming will see the return of critically acclaimed Irish drama series' Love/Hate for a third season and Raw for its fifth season with the addition of the newly co-produced Irish drama The Fall starring Gillian Anderson. Regulars such as The Late Late Show, The Frontline and The Saturday Night Show will return from September. It will also be the first broadcaster in Europe to air the new seasons of critically acclaimed US series which include The Good Wife, Homeland, CSI Las Vegas, CSI New York and New Girl. The new RTÉ television season features 114 new and returning home-produced programmes including popular hits such as the Voice of Ireland, Operation Transformation and Celebrity Bainisteoir. RTÉ Television also confirmed new programming for its digital channels.
RTÉ Television will reveal their 2015/2016 Season in August 2015.
Northern Ireland 
Great Britain 
International 
In the meantime, all RTÉ news and current affairs programmes, as well as specials like the St. Patrick's Day parade and Easter mass, started to stream live free around the world on 17 March 2007 at http://www.rte.ie/live/. RTÉ have since launched an international versions of the RTÉ player which provides access to RTÉ News Now as a live stream and access to made of their Irish programmes.
From the outset, RTÉ had faced competition from key European broadcasters, particularly the United Kingdom's BBC. RTÉ's approach was pragmatic, as it introduced cable television in the 1970s, initially known as RTÉ Relays, and subsequently (following mergers with other companies) as "Cablelink", although it later sold its stake in the company, to NTL Ireland which has now become UPC Ireland. In the 1990s, further competition came from satellite television, especially from Sky. UK terrestrial TV channels are now commonly available throughout the Republic of Ireland, but the number of channels received varies depending on the region. Despite this availability, RTÉ still manages to achieve over 40% of the total TV audience for all channels.
From March 2007, content from RTÉ One (and its sister network RTÉ Two) has been available online on RTÉ.ie. In May 2009, RTÉ launched RTÉ player which is an on demand catch-up service.
RTÉ introduced digital on-screen graphics for both RTÉ One and RTÉ Two in 2004 a move which has proven somewhat controversial despite TV3 using them from the outset and TG4 since 1999. In late 2004, RTÉ produced the third series of the talent show 'You're a Star' in widescreen (i.e. the aspect ratio of 16:9). This was RTÉ's first official 16:9 production but the programme wasn't actually available to viewers in 16:9 format even on digital platforms. Instead, it was broadcast like all other 16:9 programmes in the 14:9 'letterbox' aspect ratio. It was not until March 2005 that RTÉ One and RTÉ Two began broadcasting some programmes in true 16:9 format on digital platforms. This was followed by a complete switchover to 16:9 output on both television channels in May 2005 with the exception of a few programmes. This did not require a make-over of the on-screen identity of the two channels because all of the idents and other presentation output had already been created in 16:9 (as far back as September 2003 for RTÉ One and October 2004 for RTÉ Two) in anticipation of such a switchover. RTÉ's news bulletins (and the rest of the news and current affairs programming) were not broadcast in 16:9 until 28 August 2006 when RTÉ's news output was given a new look.
RTÉ is to re-position its branding for both RTÉ One and RTÉ2 in early 2015.
Since 2003, RTÉ has branded its television programmes under a number of different genres. Each genre operates broadly under a Commissioning Editor, except for RTÉ News and Current Affairs which are separately structured and controlled. The genres are;

</doc>
<doc id="13799022" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13799022" title="Brütsch">
Brütsch

Egon Brütsch Fahrzeugbau, usually shortened to Brütsch, was a German automotive design and automaker based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg.
Brütsch were best known for producing a large number of different microcar designs, but only produced small numbers of each design and the primary function of the company appears to have been that of the development and promotion of each design to sell licences to manufacture to other companies.
Between 1952 and 1958, eleven different models of car were manufactured by Brütsch, but the total production of all models by the company is believed to be only eighty-one cars.
Many of the bodywork designs were simple two-piece mouldings of polyester reinforced with fiberglass, bonded at a waistline join, which was then covered by a protective strip. Chassis and suspension design was very rudimentary and after a misguided court action in 1956 by Brütsch against a licensee, at least one of Brütsch's designs was condemned as dangerous.
The abbreviated chassis used on the majority of the cars meant that for structural integrity they could not have doors and all these models had low sides to facilitate entry and exit.
A 3-seater, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 191 cc Fichtel & Sachs engine driving through a four speed gearbox. Top speed was around and about five cars were produced. Also built under licence by A. Grünhut & Co of Switzerland with minor changes and sold as the Belcar. Another licence was sold to Alzmetall for production by Harald Friedrich GmbH of Germany, but so many faults were found with the original design that their production model, the Spatz Kabinenroller was fundamentally a different car. Because of this Brütsch took Alzmetall to court to ensure payment of his licence fees but lost the case.
A 2-seater, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 191 cc Fichtel & Sachs engine driving through a four speed gearbox. Top speed was around and twelve cars were produced. Also built under licence by Air Tourist Sàrl of France with minor changes and sold as the Avolette. Only four examples of the 2-seat Zwerg is known to still exist in England and are currently awaiting restoration.
A single seat, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 74 cc DKW Hobby scooter engine driving through a continuously variable transmission. Top speed was around and four cars were produced. Three surviving cars was discovered in Germany in 2010 and have been restored.
A single seat, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 49 cc [ILO] engine driving through a three speed gearbox. Top speed was around and fourteen cars were produced. Production was licensed to former Opel dealer Georg von Opel, who planned to build the Mopetta at a former Horex motorcycle factory, however this plan appears to have resulted in nothing more than the production of sales literature. Due to its unusual design and rarity, the Mopetta has been subject to many replicas.
A single seat, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 98 cc Fichtel & Sachs engine driving through a three speed gearbox. Top speed was around and eight cars were produced. Also built under licence by Air Tourist Sàrl of France.
A 2-seater, 3-wheeled roadster, powered by a single cylinder 191 cc Fichtel & Sachs engine driving through a four speed gearbox. Top speed was around and eleven cars were produced. One of the last known Bussards was recently written off after rotting away in England. Its windscreen, which remained, was donated to the owner of a Brütsch Pfeil (below), which had no original windscreen.
A 2-seater, 4-wheeled roadster, powered by a twin cylinder 386 cc Lloyd engine driving through a three speed gearbox. Top speed was around and six cars were produced, only one of which survives and is undergoing restoration in England.
A 2-seater, 4-wheeled roadster. Powered by either a single cylinder 98 cc Fichtel & Sachs engine giving a top speed around or a single cylinder 247 cc Maico engine giving a top speed around . Both versions had a four speed gearbox and in total twelve cars were produced.
A 2-seater, 4-wheeled roadster with doors. Powered by a twin cylinder 479 cc Fiat 500 engine driving through a four speed gearbox. Top speed was around and three cars were produced. This model was developed for potential Indonesian licensee NGO, but the project eventually came to nothing.

</doc>
<doc id="13799476" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13799476" title="Ubisoft Montreal">
Ubisoft Montreal

Ubisoft Divertissements Inc. (formerly Ubi Soft Divertissements Inc.), doing business as Ubisoft Montreal (formerly Ubi Soft Montreal), is a Canadian subsidiary of the French video game developer Ubisoft, located in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
Founded in 1997, initially developing low-profile projects, the studio is now one of the largest in the world, with over 2,700 employees. It is responsible for founding and developing, among others, games in the "Prince of Persia", "Far Cry" and "Assassin's Creed" series, as well as those in the "Tom Clancy" franchise and "Watch Dogs".
The studio was opened in 1997, with government funding. The parent company Ubisoft also cited Quebec's extensive French-speaking population, close relationship with France, and proximity to North American market as reasons for opening a studio there. Martin Tremblay joined the studio as executive vice president in 1999, but was promoted to chief operating officer a year later.
The history of Ubisoft Montreal goes back to the early 1990s. At that time, the manufacturing and textiles industries in Montreal were quickly disappearing, and therefore the political party in power at the time — the Parti Québécois (PQ) — pursued new job creation. The PQ wanted Montreal to become a multimedia hub, since multimedia was considered a growing industry due to the rise in the number of people who owned computers, advancing technology, and the rise of the internet.
By the early 1990s, Ubisoft was trying to expand into North America. They originally planned to open a subsidiary in New Brunswick. When Quebec lobbyist Sylvain Vaugeois heard about this, he proposed to the Quebec government, that they should get Ubisoft to open their subsidiary in Montreal instead of New Brunswick. He decided to have the government invest in the labour force by giving Ubisoft $25,000 per employee they hire in Montreal for the next five years, and called it "Plan Mercure". When he proposed the idea to the Quebec government, it received little support because they believed the project was too expensive to fund. Sylvain Vaugeois would then go to France to meet with Ubisoft's management to explain his idea (even though the government had no plans to go ahead with it). Ubisoft's management team loved it, and they then flew to Montreal, where they realized that Plan Mercure was not going to go into effect. At that point, the media got hold of it, and the PQ was blamed for letting a fast-growing industry slip out of their hands. The PQ then had no choice but to go ahead with Plan Mercure. The PQ's finance minister Bernard Landry then flew to Ottawa to meet with the Minister of Human Resources and Development at the time, Pierre Pettigrew, who agreed to subsidize the creation of 500 jobs over a five-year period. The Quebec government contributed $15,000 while the federal contributed $10,000 per employee. Ubisoft Montreal opened in 1997 and today employs over 2,100 employees in Montreal. The opening of Ubisoft Montreal was the first major video game publisher to set up in Montreal. Other factors that led to Ubisoft to choose Montreal over New Brunswick were Montreal's low rent, a highly educated French-speaking workforce, and Montreal's image as a creative city. The creation of Ubisoft Montreal paved the way for both the provincial and federal government to start subsidizing video game companies, and thus led to the influx of other video game companies such as EA, Eidos, THQ, Warner Bros. etc. setting up shop in Montreal.
Ubisoft Montreal's decision to set up in the , an abandoned textiles factory in the Mile End district, brought change to the city's landscape. With this decision, Mile End changed from a low rent area devoid of business to a cultural hub with many young professionals and other businesses locating there. The same thing has happened in Vancouver and Toronto where video game companies moved their offices in low rent areas, turning them into popular neighbourhoods. In Vancouver, when EA opened up EA Vancouver, it located in the Yaletown, transformed the area from an area of small businesses to a mix of both residential homes and offices, and has increased the location's population from 40,000 to 110,000. At the same time, when Ubisoft opened up in Toronto, they chose to open up in an industrial factory that was surrounded by fast-food restaurants; now there are high end condos (with units starting at $600,000) opening up across the street.
Initially, the studio developed children's games such as "" and games based on the Playmobil series of toys. However, in 2000, the studio began work on a game called Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell. Upon its release in November 2002, "Splinter Cell" was met with glowing reviews. IGN called the game "the best title on Xbox this year" and wrote in their review that it was "a game that will put the Ubi Soft Montreal development house on the map."
In 2005, the government of Quebec gave Ubisoft 5 million dollars to expand. That amount was later increased to 19 million dollars, and there are now plans to add 1,400 new employees by 2013, which would make Ubisoft Montreal the world's largest game development studio.
During his time as COO, Martin Tremblay was a staunch supporter of non-compete clauses, in large part due to an incident in which Electronic Arts hired away several Ubisoft Montreal employees to the at the time newly opened EA Montreal studio. Ironically, when Tremblay left Ubisoft in 2006 to become President of Worldwide Studios at Vivendi Games, he was prevented from taking the new position by a court order enforcing the non-compete clause in his Ubisoft contract.
Upon Tremblay's departure, Yannis Mallat, a producer of Ubisoft Montreal's "Prince of Persia" series of games, became the new CEO, also filling the same roles as Tremblay's COO position.

</doc>
<doc id="13799661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13799661" title="Exergen Corporation">
Exergen Corporation

Exergen Corporation, is designer and manufacturer of infrared scanners, thermometers, and sensors headquartered in Watertown, Massachusetts. Exergen products are used in applications including, among others, medical, automotive, food processing, agriculture and textile. The company was founded in 1980 by Francesco Pompei, who patented the world's first temporal artery (forehead) thermometer. Exergen holds more than a dozen patents.
Exergen's products include:

</doc>
<doc id="13801386" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13801386" title="Red Mango">
Red Mango

Red Mango FC, LLC is a frozen yogurt and smoothie brand known for its all-natural frozen yogurt, fresh fruit smoothies, yogurt parfaits, and fresh juices. There are now more than 200 locations in over 25 states in the United States and 100 in Mexico and Central America. In 2011, Red Mango was named the No. 1 Zagat Rated chain in America for smoothies and frozen yogurt. The brand even started running a vegan buffet chain in Hong Kong, in 2015.
Daniel J. Kim, the company's founder, graduated from UC Berkeley’s Haas School of Business in 1998, and first worked as an investment banker with Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. The first Red Mango store was opened in South Korea, in 2003. From 2003 to 2007, the chain expanded to 130 stores. 
According to the company website, Red Mango gets its name because “the mango, distinctly delicious and high in nutrition, becomes red at its optimal stage of ripeness.”
After opening their first store in California, Red Mango opened stores in Nevada, Utah, Washington, and New York. One year after the first store opened in Los Angeles, Red Mango opened 30 new stores. By the end of 2009, Red Mango had 60 stores in operation.
In the summer of 2010, Red Mango added 22 varieties of smoothies to their menu. They changed their signage to “Red Mango: Yogurt & Smoothies", and Kim noted: "it's really a fundamental shift of how we are defining ourselves in the business, away from the frozen-yogurt shop and really one that sells yogurt and yogurt-based products and smoothies." By the end of 2010, Red Mango awarded agreements for 147 locations and opened 62 new stores, bringing the total number of locations to 100. They were named #4 on "Restaurant Business Magazine"s “Future 50” list of the fastest-growing chains in 2010. Red Mango planned to double their locations in 2011 and were currently on track to open 24 more stores in the first quarter alone.
In May 2012, the Dallas-based company entered into an agreement with Mexican theater chain Cinemex to introduce Red Mango products to Mexico. US expansion is planned to triple within a couple years.
They open many of their stores on or near college campuses; Kim noted: "we found that nutritional awareness is very high near and around college campuses, so we decided to aggressively grow onto campuses by opening on them or near them." About 70% of Red Mango’s buyers are women.
Red Mango, International, based in Seoul, Korea, continues to expand under rights for Europe, Asia, and Africa, and recently entered Pakistan with an official launch event on 8 October 2013. Red Mango Pakistan is being franchised by TNN Pvt Ltd., the group behind Area 51.
The company's investors and advisors include John Antioco (former CEO and Chairman of Blockbuster Inc.), Taco Bell, and Circle K Convenience Stores. The company, which currently has offices in Dallas, Texas and New York, New York, raised $12 million in private equity financing in August 2008 and moved its headquarters from Sherman Oaks, CA to Dallas in early May 2009.
Red Mango uses 100% all natural, nonfat & lowfat, kosher, and gluten-free frozen yogurt fortified with probiotics. They were the first frozen yogurt store to be certified by the National Yogurt Association with the Live & Active Cultures seal, indicating the use of real yogurt. As of July 2008, the company's lineup of frozen yogurt flavors consisted of Original, Pomegranate, Madagascar Vanilla, and a rotating variety of seasonal or specialty flavors. These include Green Tea, Mango, Banana, Nutty Potion, and Peanut Butter.
Red Mango’s frozen yogurt is topped with fruits (such as blueberries, mango, pineapple, and strawberries) and/or “fun and crunchy” items (such as almonds, graham cracker, organic granola, and mochi).

</doc>
<doc id="13802065" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13802065" title="Adixen Vacuum Products">
Adixen Vacuum Products

Pfeiffer Vacuum SAS (former adixen Vacuum Products) is a French company that manufactures vacuum pumps, leak detectors and plasma sensors. The company was founded in 1952, originally developing products for the semiconductor industry, the automotive market and the public R&D.
Since January 2011 adixen Vacuum Products is part of Pfeiffer Vacuum GmbH.

</doc>
<doc id="13803363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13803363" title="Flex Comix">
Flex Comix


</doc>
<doc id="13803397" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13803397" title="Micrografx">
Micrografx

Micrografx (Micrografx Inc., Richardson, Texas) was a United States-based software-house most notable for its graphics products. It was founded in 1982 by Paul and George Grayson and was a pioneer for graphics products for Windows.
Corel and Micrografx were competitors in 1996 for Windows 95 users seeking graphics software. CorelDraw 6 attracted graphics professionals, while Micrografx ABC Graphics Suite attracted general users in the business community. The company was acquired by Corel in late 2001. With this acquisition, the Micrografx graphics line (e.g. Micrografx Picture Publisher, Micrografx Designer) was integrated into the Corel portfolio. Since 2003, the former Micrografx software section for business process analysis is represented by the separate business unit "iGrafx".
Despite not being actively maintained or officially distributed, a scattered community still enjoys Micrografx products as legacy software.

</doc>
<doc id="13803704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13803704" title="Incheon International Airport Corporation">
Incheon International Airport Corporation

Incheon International Airport Corporation (IIAC) was established in 1991 to operate the Incheon International Airport in Incheon, South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="13806300" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13806300" title="Mouchel">
Mouchel

Mouchel Group is an infrastructure and business services company headquartered in Woking, United Kingdom. It provides advisory, design, project delivery and managed services associated with infrastructure and business services across the highways and transportation, local government, emergency services, property, health, education and utility markets across the world. 
In August 2012 Mouchel delisted from the stock exchange and ownership moved to MRBL, a company owned by Barclays Bank, Royal Bank of Scotland, Lloyds Bank and Mouchel's management.
Mouchel was founded in Briton Ferry in 1897 by Louis Gustave Mouchel, who arrived in the UK from France with a licence to use the new technique of reinforcing concrete using iron bars that was developed by François Hennebique.
During the first half of the twentieth century, Mouchel developed into a consulting engineering practice, with early work including the Royal Liver Building in Liverpool, London's Earls Court and Royal Victoria Dock, and football stands for Liverpool Football Club and Manchester City Football Club. The company also designed the cooling towers for London landmark Battersea Power Station.
In the 1980s, with the evolution of privatisation and outsourcing in the UK, Mouchel moved into advising local authorities on competitive tendering. It floated in June 2002.
Mouchel plc's acquisitions included signalling and safety consultant Metro Consulting in February 2002, e-government and ICT specialists Lloyd Davies Associates plc in April 2003, and gas engineering consultancy GEL Group Limited in August 2003.
Mouchel plc and Parkman Group plc (founded in 1888) announced plans to merge on 21 August 2003. The merger was completed in September 2003, forming the new company, Mouchel Parkman plc. A single trading company, Mouchel Parkman Services Limited, was created on 1 April 2004.
The first acquisition as a merged company took place in May 2005, when Mouchel Parkman bought mainline engineering and installation specialists ServiRail. The acquisition allowed Mouchel Parkman to move into mainline engineering and installation for the first time.
On 16 November 2006, it announced a trio of acquisitions worth a total value of £50 million – project management and organisational change specialist Hornagold and Hills, water and utilities consultancy Ewan Group plc, and software and system solutions company Traffic Support Limited (TSL). The acquisitions had combined revenues of £30 million and increased the group's staffing by nearly 500.
Its last acquisition under the Mouchel Parkman brand took place on 7 August 2007, when it purchased business process outsourcing (BPO) and IT group HBS, formerly Hyder Business Services, for £46.24 million from private equity firm Terra Firma. The two companies first worked together in May 2007, when they started a £300 million 12-year strategic services partnership with Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council called the Unity Partnership.
On 16 October 2007, Mouchel Parkman rebranded as 'Mouchel', changing its stance from being a 'professional support services group' to a 'consulting and business services group'. The change was designed to be more inclusive of its expanded business outsourcing division, following the purchase of HBS, rather than being a traditional technical and engineering consultancy.
Mouchel's first acquisition as a rebranded company was that of UK public sector management consultant Hedra, for £50 million in March 2008. The purchase added around 200 staff to Mouchel's management consultancy business, as well as two new service areas – 'solutions', such as enterprise content management (ECM), enterprise resource planning (ERP) and electronic document and records management (EDRM), and 'managed services', which involves process and technology services across multi-year service agreement contracts.
In June 2015 Mouchel was purchased by Kier Group for £265 million. This included both the Mouchel Infrastructure Services and Mouchel Business Services divisions. Subsequently, Mouchel Infrastructure Services was rebranded as Mouchel Consulting, with the Business Services sector falling under the Kier brand. Grant Rumbles stepped down as CEO with Haydn Mursell, CEO of Kier Group, assuming the role.
Mouchel provides managerial, commercial and technical expertise to clients in the public sector and regulated industry, and to a lesser extent the private sector. Clients employ Mouchel to assist with strategy, services, and both people and asset management. Operations include highways, water, property, housing, education, management consultancy and 'business process outsourcing' in a wide range of disciplines.
According to "New Civil Engineer" magazine's "Consultants File 2011", Mouchel is the second largest provider of UK public sector outsourced services and the second largest technical consultant in roads in the UK.
Mouchel's business process outsourcing business works with local authority clients in the UK to operate back-office support services. Its key partnerships are with Bath & North East Somerset Council, Lincolnshire County Council, Middlesbrough Council, Milton Keynes Council and Oldham Metropolitan Borough Council and Bournemouth Borough Council.
Mouchel's education business provides services for individual schools, groups of schools and local authorities, as well as local authority support for the UK government's 'Every Child Matters' agenda, which seeks to improve the outcomes for children. In October 2007 its 50:50 joint venture with Babcock – mpb education – was named preferred bidder by the London Borough of Hackney to deliver its £167 million Building Schools for the Future (BSF) programme.
Mouchel's highways business is one of the UK's leading highways companies. Its services range from the planning and design of major capital projects to the maintenance and management of congested road networks; the business manages, maintains and improves more than 60,000 km of motorways and trunk roads throughout the UK. Highways-related work represents a third of the group's turnover.
Mouchel's housing business was one of the UK's first providers to deliver externalised housing management services. These include rent arrears recovery, repairs management, major works, estates services and the management of supported housing units for the elderly. Its only current contract involves managing council housing stock across eight electoral wards in Hackney, from neighbourhood offices in Homerton and De Beauvoir and Queensbridge, on behalf of Hackney Homes – the company launched and owned by the London Borough of Hackney in April 2006.
Mouchel's international business employs around 420 professional staff and is primarily based in the Middle East, with two offices in Dubai and one in both Abu Dhabi and Kuwait. The company also has two offices in Africa; Nairobi and Cape Town. In 2007 it had a turnover of £28 million, the majority of which derived from its work in the United Arab Emirates. Its major clients include Nakheel, Aldar, Dubai Festival City and Dubai Municipality, to which it provides project management, engineering design and landscape design services. In Australia Mouchel's new highways maintenance joint venture - DownerMouchel - has won three Western Australian highway maintenance contracts worth £138m to Mouchel over five years.
Mouchel's land and environment business provides land remediation, geotechnical engineering and environmental planning.
The business also includes a division called LandAspects, which provides geographic information systems, topographic surveys, web-based applications and compulsory purchase services.
Mouchel's management consultancy business employs more than 300 professional staff who specialise in procurement and project management. This involves technical, financial and commercial advice for all stages of project work. Typical services include PFI advice, due diligence, options appraisal, compliance monitoring, business case preparation, risk management, project definition, facilities management and stakeholder consultation. The sectors it is involved with include defence, law and order, schools, health, waste, social housing, nuclear, roads and rail.
Its size was more than doubled by two acquisitions – project management and organisational change specialist Hornagold and Hills in November 2006, and UK public sector management consulting business Hedra in March 2008.
Mouchel's property business provides procurement, asset management, design maintenance, architectural design, building surveying, project management, and valuation and estate management services. According to "New Civil Engineer" magazine's "Consultants File 2008", Mouchel is the largest provider of facilities management in the UK.
Its key clients are local authorities, with the business being responsible for one of the largest public property portfolios in the UK, including more than 2,200 schools and 4,000 other public buildings.
With UK local government moving towards larger contracts over longer periods of time covering a broad range of activities, Mouchel has established a number of 'strategic partnerships' with the councils of Liverpool, Knowsley, Oldham and Rochdale. These provide a bundle of property and support services to the cities over a number of years.
Mouchel's waste business provides specialist waste management consultancy services to private and public sector clients in a variety of areas. These include developing and implementing sustainable municipal waste strategies and providing services for all stages of a waste project's lifecycle – from strategy and procurement, through to design, planning, licensing and project management.
Mouchel's water business provides a wide range of water services to public and private companies, both in the UK and overseas. At the end of 2006, following Mouchel's acquisition of Ewan Group, it was the third largest water consultant in the UK behind MWH Europe and Mott MacDonald Group according to "New Civil Engineer" magazine's "Consultants File 2008". It holds more than 40 framework contracts and employs more than 50 people across 16 offices.
Please note office numbers include all Mouchel Limited offices, but not joint venture offices, client offices or offices/sites occupied under local authority contracts.
Haydn Mursell - chief executive (from 2015, as part of Kier Group plc)
Grant Rumbles – chief executive (2011-2015 (until Kier Group acquisition))
Paul Rayner – group finance director (since 2013)
Phil White - chairman (from 2015, as part of Kier Group plc) Mike Jeffries – chairman (2014-2015 (until Kier Group acquisition))

</doc>
<doc id="13809321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13809321" title="Carpenter Technology Corporation">
Carpenter Technology Corporation

Carpenter Technology Corporation develops, manufactures and distributes cast/wrought and powder metal stainless steels and special alloys including high temperature (iron-nickel-cobalt base), stainless, superior corrosion resistant, controlled expansion alloys, ultra-high strength and implantable alloys, tool and die steels and other specialty metals, as well as cast/wrought titanium alloys. It also manufactures and rents down-hole drilling tools and components used in the oil and gas industry.
It is headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania and maintains manufacturing and distribution operations throughout the United States, Mexico, Europe and Asia.
The company's revenues in fiscal year 2016 were derived from the following industries:
The company was founded by James Henry Carpenter and a small group of New York City investors on June 1, 1889 as the Carpenter Steel Company. He envisioned methods to improve the process of steel manufacturing.
In May 1890, the company received a contract from the the U.S. Secretary of the Navy to develop armor-piercing projectiles. James Carpenter had received a patent for an "air-hardening steel" manufacturing process. In November 1896, the Navy referred to the company's projectiles as "the first made that would pierce improved armor plate." In the Spanish-American War of 1898, the routing of the Spanish fleet at Manila Bay was credited in part to projectiles made by Carpenter.
The burgeoning automobile industry of the early 20th century led to several advancements at the company. In 1905, the company developed a prime grade chrome-nickel steel and by 1908 it had created ten other steels that were used to make automobile chassis. Most of the "runabout" vehicles of the day ran on Carpenter steel, and "Old 16," the race car that won the Vanderbilt Cup in 1908, comprised front and rear axles, crankshaft, gears, and other parts fabricated from Carpenter steel. 
In 1903, Carpenter's "special" steels were used in the engine of the Wright brothers' maiden flight. 
After the United States entered World War I, munitions and supplies became the company's top product. The Reading plant operated on 24-hour shifts, producing everything from tool steels to soldiers' safety razor blades. During the war, the company put into operation 4 new electric-arc furnaces, which allowed greater control over the melting process than the old crucible furnaces. In December 1917, the company manufactured its first high-strength, chemical-resistant stainless steel which was immediately used in airplane engine components, cutlery, and spark plugs.
In December 1920, Carpenter unveiled its "rustless steel," an alloy of 0.3% carbon, 20% chromium, and 1% copper. In 1927, Carpenter's Welded Alloy Tube Division became the earliest commercial supplier of stainless tubing, with applications in chemical processing, oil refining, generation of electricity, and food and beverage processing. In 1928, it introduced the first free-machining, "antifriction" stainless steel, due to use of sulfur. In 1929, the company produced 24 pounds of automotive trim on each Pierce Arrow car. 
The gears, shafts, and fasteners of the engine of the "Spirit of St. Louis," Charles Lindbergh's legendary plane that flew across the Atlantic Ocean in May 1927, were all made from Carpenter steel. An identical engine had powered Richard Byrd's flight to the North Pole in 1926. 
Although the company operated at a loss during the Great Depression, the company introduced new stainless steels with additives of selenium, tellurium, and chrome and nickel and began licensing other manufacturers to produce some of its stainless steels. 
In June 1937, Carpenter Steel Company went public. 
In March 1941, with U.S. entrance into World War II looking increasingly probable, the U.S. Office of Production Management summoned Carpenter's president to Washington, D.C., to discuss expanding the company's production capacity on an urgent basis. Carpenter's board of directors voted to immediately implement a capital investment program of nearly $1 million. During the the war, the company's stainless steel was used in engine parts, steel fasteners, and cockpit instruments for fighter planes and bombers; components of Sherman tanks and submarines; radio masts for PT boats and radio equipment for battle fronts; and medical supplies such as hypodermic needles and surgical implements.
During the 1950s, Carpenter introduced "Stainless 20," an alloy which by virtue of rare earth element additives could withstand harsh, corrosive chemicals. 
In 1951, Carpenter bought a wire redrawing plant in New Jersey, which produced fine wire for applications such as surgical sutures and knitting machines. In 1954, the company added a new mill in Reading which allowed Carpenter to become extremely competitive in the manufacture of specialty alloy wire. After the company had to turn down orders due to not having enough capacity, Carpenter acquired Northeastern Steel Corporation in Bridgeport, Connecticut, enabling a 100 percent increase in the production of ingots.
The company made the following acquisitions in the 1960s: NTH Products, Inc., of El Cajon, California, in 1961; a 50 percent share in Gardner Cryogenics Corporation, Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, in 1969; and a 50 percent share in Titanium Technology Corporation, Pomona, California, also in 1969. In 1967, the company opened a new research and development center. In 1968, the company changed its name to Carpenter Technology Corporation to reflect its research and development initiatives.
In the 1970s, Carpenter sold the New Jersey wire redrawing plant, Titanium Technology Corporation, Gardner Cryogenics, and affiliates in Brazil and Mexico. According to Howard O. Beaver, Jr., who was then president, the divested enterprises "did not fit Carpenter's long-range goals and objectives".
In the 1980s, Carpenter acquired Eagle Precision Metals Corporation of Fryeburg, Maine, a precision drilling facility that produced high quality hollow steel bars, and AMAX Specialty Metals Corporation of Orangeburg, South Carolina, a wire-finishing plant, capable of redrawing steel wire to extremely fine sizes.
Carpenter received a patent in 1992 for super-strong Aermet alloy, first used for the landing gear on aircraft carrier-based jet fighters. AerMet 100 was named one of the top material advances of the decade by the National Association for Science, Technology and Society.
In 1993, Carpenter developed the Carpenter CTS family of 14 alloys to assist knife blade designers in alloy selection.
In 1997, Carpenter acquired Dynamet a titanium alloy producer based in Washington, Pennsylvania, for $161 million. 
In 2009, Carpenter began supplying its cobalt-based BioBlu 27 alloy into the jewelry industry. In 2010, Carpenter developed ACUBE 100 alloy, a beryllium-free material for bushings and bearings. Also in 2010, Carpenter launched PremoMet alloy to consider for high demand diesel engine components.
In 2011, the company acquired Houston-based Amega West Services for $54 million, which expanded Carpenter's business in the oil and gas drilling market.
On June 18, 2002, five plaintiffs filed a suit against Carpenter Technology to recover costs that had been paid to the United States Environmental Protection Agency to cleanup the Boarhead Farms Superfund Site in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. A settlement of $21,800,000 was reached in 2011. 
According to a 2009 article in the "Philadelphia Business Journal", "Carpenter Technology Corp. near Reading released more than 1.2 million pounds of toxic chemical waste into the Schuylkill River and was the fourth-largest polluter of toxic chemicals in Pennsylvania in 2007"; however, it is not clear whether the discharge amounts were within the allowed federal permit limits.

</doc>
<doc id="13810469" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13810469" title="McGrigors">
McGrigors

Until 1 May 2012, McGrigors LLP was a UK Top 50 law firm. with offices in six British cities as well as Qatar and the Falkland Islands. Since then, the firm has merged with international law firm Pinsent Masons.

</doc>
<doc id="13810684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13810684" title="SoftServe">
SoftServe

SoftServe, Inc. is Ukrainian technology solutions company that provides software product and application development and services. With Its headquarters in Austin, Texas and European headquarters in Lviv, Ukraine, the company employs more than 4,000 people in offices throughout the United States and Europe. It is one of the largest software developers in Central and Eastern Europe and the largest outsourced IT company in Ukraine.
SoftServe was founded in 1993 in Lviv, Ukraine. Started by two post-graduate students of Lviv Polytechnic, it began as a software development company with headquarters in Lviv. The company was initially supported by the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute Incubator Center and its first known client was General Electric. The company opened its first office in the United States in 2000. SoftServe was instrumental in building Microsoft Bird's Eye service in 2004. It used the same concept that was later used by Google for its Google Street View. For its work on the project, SoftServe was invited to speak at Microsoft's annual conference where it was used as an example of business applications that could be built by technology corporations.
In 2006, SoftServe founded "SoftServe University". It became the company's corporate training program for improving developers and retraining specialists. Based in Ukraine, it also offers international IT Professional certificates to employees who complete the program. With the launch of SoftServe University, the company became the first to establish a corporate university in Ukraine. In 2008, SoftServe also founded Lviv Business School at Ukrainian Catholic University.
SoftServe opened its United States headquarters in Fort Myers, Florida in 2008 and began holding an annual conference. By 2012, SoftServe was one of the largest IT outsourcing companies in Ukraine with 2,189 employees, third only to EPAM Systems and Luxoft. Its employee base climbed to 3,900 employees by 2014.
SoftServe moved its United States headquarters from Florida to Austin, Texas in 2014. The company had previously operated an office out of Austin since 2013 and officially moved its headquarters to One Congress Plaza in 2014. The same year SoftServe opened offices or development centers in London, Amsterdam, Sofia, Wroclaw, and Stockholm. Also in 2014, the company acquired Amsterdam-based tech services firm "Initium Consulting Group BV". The company was founded in 2012 and served mainly healthcare and private equity industries. SoftServe also acquired European IT company UGE UkrGermanEnterprise GmbH and opened a new European headquarters to Lviv, Ukraine. It also organized an event in San Francisco, California along with IT professionals from Ukraine and members of the Ukraine consulate to address concerns about the country's operations in light of the geo-political situation in Ukraine.
SoftServe is a software application development company as well as consulting firm. Its services include software optimization, software as a service, cloud computing, mobile, UI/UX, analytics, and security. It provides its services mainly in the healthcare, retail, technology, and automotive markets. According to its website, it offers the following products and services in the following industries:
Technology services
Outsourcing services
Since 2004, SoftServe has been a member of the Microsoft Partner Ecosystem and was a finalist for the global Microsoft Partner of the Year in both 2006 and 2007. The company was recognized for the same award in 2008 and 2009 in Central and Eastern Europe. SoftServe has continued to receive recognition from Microsoft, including by Microsoft Ukraine in 2012 for Partner of the Year, for Innovation in Business Analytics.
The company has won additional awards throughout the industries, including being named to the Global Outsourcing 100 list in 2010, 2011, 2013, 2014, and 2015. In 2010 SoftServe was named as Ukraine's Best Employer by Hewitt Associates and in 2011 named as Best Employer in Central and Eastern Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="13812229" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13812229" title="Flitter Milz">
Flitter Milz

Flitter Milz (formerly known as Flitter Lorenz) is an American consumer law firm based in the suburban Philadelphia, Pennsylvania town of Narberth.
Flitter Milz has been active for 1 year under its current name and was established 4 years ago as Flitter Lorenz. Cary Flitter has built the practice and became an authority representing people with consumer credit issues for the past 30 years. Over the course of practice, Flitter Milz has been noted for major cases such as Gager v. Dell Financial Services (TCPA) 2013, the federal appeals court sitting in Philadelphia held, for the first time, that consent to receive collection calls to cellphones may be revoked by the consumer. In Douglass v. ER Solutions (FDCPA) 2014 a federal appeals court in Philadelphia held that a decades-long practice of debt collectors displaying consumers’ personal account numbers on correspondence violated the consumer protection laws. In Lesher v Law Office of Mitchell N. Kay (FDCPA) 2011 where the Federal appeals court in Philadelphia agreed, for the first time, that bulk collection letters sent by collection clerks but on lawyer letterhead violates the provisions of federal consumer law because it misrepresents or implies that a lawyer was actually involved in the process.
The firm has also participated in high-profile litigation filing consumer law complaints under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, The Fair Credit Reporting Act, The Telephone Consumer Protection Act and other consumer protection laws where they have made or interpreted new law.
Partner Cary L Flitter received the J"effrey A. Ernico Award" in 2006 from The Pennsylvania Bar Association Legal Services to the Public Committee. He was also given an "Attorney Pro Bono Award" in 2011 by The Pennsylvania Bar Association Legal Services To The Public Committee. He was named "Consumer Advocate of the Year" by the National Association of Consumer Advocates. He also received Pennsylvania Legal Aid Network (PLAN) Excellence Award in 2013. Partner Andrew M. Milz was recognized by a Pennsylvania federal court for his experience in consumer protection law class actions.

</doc>
<doc id="13812335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13812335" title="Harbin Clinic">
Harbin Clinic

With more than 140 doctors specializing in 35 different medical specialties, the Harbin Clinic is the largest privately owned multispecialty medical clinic in Georgia, and is a significant part of Rome, Georgia's dominance in the field of healthcare in the triangular area between Chattanooga, Tennessee, Birmingham, Alabama, and Atlanta, Georgia.
The Harbin Clinic was founded in 1948 as the successor to the Harbin Hospital that was founded in 1908 by Drs. W.P. and R.M. Harbin. The Harbin Clinic now has more than 27 satellite offices throughout Rome, Adairsville, Bremen, Calhoun, Cartersville, Cedartown, Summerville, and Trion.
Dr. Robert Maxwell Harbin (1864–1939) received his medical training at Bellevue Hospital Medical College of New York City, and first practiced medicine with his father, Dr. Wylie Reeder Harbin, in Calhoun, Georgia in 1888. In 1894, Robert moved to Rome, Georgia and established his own practice.
Dr. William Pickens Harbin (1872–1942) ("Dr. Will"), earned his Medical Doctorate in 1897, also from the Bellevue Hospital Medical College. His brother Robert invited him to join his practice in Rome, where Will first arrived in 1898. However, Will soon accepted a commission as acting assistant surgeon in the United States Army during the Spanish–American War.
After the war, in 1901, Will returned to Rome and the Harbin brothers' first practice was located on the second floor at 206 Broad Street, and they employed two horse & buggy drivers to keep buggies ready to race the doctors to the homes of patients with medical emergencies. The fee for an office visit was usually $1, and the fees for home visits were $2 to $3, but payments were often delayed until the cotton crops came in.
Common health problems included smallpox, diphtheria, typhoid, pellagra, tuberculosis and diabetes, with diagnosis depending on active symptoms, physical findings, and sputum examinations.
In 1908, Robert and Will founded the Harbin Hospital with 12 beds by converting a house at the Southeastern corner of Third Avenue and First Street. In 1911 they established a training program for nurses, and in 1919, a new four-story fire-proof hospital building was constructed next door, and the original hospital was converted to a nurses' dormitory.
Also in 1919, Harbin Hospital acquired an X-Ray machine and became one of the first hospitals in the country to offer radiation treatment for cancer.
In 1920, three stories were added to the hospital, expanding the bed capacity to 75 and making it the tallest building in Rome at the time. Many modern advances were included, such as steam heating, electrical lights, silent call systems, hot and cold running water in each room, linoleum floors, three complete operating suites, a private telephone exchange, and a safe-gate elevator running from basement to roof. The next year, the hospital was recognized by the American College of Surgeons as one of only four hospitals in Georgia to meet the board's standards of excellence.
In 1925, the Harbin Hospital introduced what was then an innovative orthopedic program of following the treatment of bone fractures with physiotherapy (known today as physical therapy). Other innovations in following years included Dr. Will Harbin performing the first Caesarean section ever done in Floyd County, the first blood matching and blood transfusion in the county, and the first X-ray camera in Rome used for the first bone and dental films.
By the time Robert died in 1939 and buried in Myrtle Hill Cemetery, many other physicians had been added to the staff, and in the 1930s and 40's, a new generation of Harbin doctors joined, including Robert Jr. and 3 sons of Will: William Jr., Bannester, and Thomas. William died in 1942 and also buried in Myrtle Hill Cemetery.
In 1948, Harbin Hospital was transformed into the Harbin "Clinic" by eliminating overnight care, which was effectively replaced by the expansion of the Floyd County Hospital to 120 beds. At this time the building was renovated and an air-conditioning system was added, the Harbin Hospital School of Nursing was terminated, and the nurses' dormitory was razed to increase parking space.
The next major change came in 1969, when the medical group purchased from Berry College on the Southwest corner of Martha Berry Boulevard and Redmond Road, and built a new facility with of office space for a staff of 20 doctors, a dentist, and a pharmacy.
Since then the Harbin Clinic has continued to expand, and is Georgia’s largest privately owned, multi-specialty physician clinic, with an 11-county referral base consisting of Bartow, Chattooga, Cherokee, Floyd, Gordon, Haralson, Polk, Walker, and Paulding counties in Georgia and Cherokee and DeKalb counties in Alabama. The clinic also has more than 20 satellite offices are throughout Rome, Calhoun, Cartersville, Cedartown, Adairsville, Summerville and Bremen.
Harbin Clinic was affiliated with PhyCor, Inc, a medical management company based in Nashville, TN from 1996 to 2000. Upon PhyCor's reorganization, Harbin repurchased its assets and regained its independent status.
The comprehensive nature of care available at the Harbin Clinic is evidenced by the long list of departments within the Clinic:

</doc>
<doc id="13812878" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13812878" title="Club Mahindra Holidays">
Club Mahindra Holidays

Club Mahindra Holidays is an Indian travel company founded in 1996. It is a part of the Mahindra Group and provides holidays on a timeshare basis. Presently, the company operates 44 resorts across India and abroad. It is also a Resorts Condominium International (RCI) and Dial an Exchange affiliate.
After being incorporated in September 1996 as a private limited company, Mahindra Holidays was converted into a public limited company in 1998 and was renamed as Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd.
In June 2014, the company acquired Finland-based Holiday Club Resorts for 600 crore.

</doc>
<doc id="13813088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13813088" title="Royal TESO">
Royal TESO

The Royal TESO N.V. is a private ferry company operating the only public boat service to and from the Dutch Wadden island of Texel. TESO stands for Texels Eigen Stoomboot Onderneming (in English: Texel's Own Steamboat Company).
Inhabitants of the island were dissatisfied with price and quality of the ferry service, as operated by the company Alkmaar Packet since 1882. In 1907 some of them formed an association, led by local physician Adriaan Wagemaker, to operate a (hired) ferry of their own. In 1908 the association was changed into a public company and islanders raised 75.000 guilders to build its first ship, which went into service in August that year. A nearly complete boycott of the services of Alkmaar Packet by the locals made that company withdraw in 1909.
3650 shares are held by 3100 shareholders, mostly residents of Texel. In 2007, TESO celebrated its centennial anniversary, and therefore was conferred the 'Royal' designation on Texel by Queen Beatrix.
Currently, the TESO operates a fleet of two ships, both able to carry 1750 passengers and up to 300 cars. They cross the Marsdiep, a deep-tide race between Den Helder and Texel in about 20 minutes.

</doc>
<doc id="13831832" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13831832" title="Struthers-Dunn">
Struthers-Dunn

Struthers-Dunn LLC, formally known as Struthers-Dunn or Dunco, is a manufacturer of industrial controls since 1923.
Struthers-Dunn was founded by John Struthers-Dunn in 1923 outside Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. They were one of the earliest relay manufacturers in the United States and became the first manufacturer of Military Relays for US Government during World War II. Their first military product, the 101 Series contactor was a 100A rated SPST switch for use on Naval Ships in 1938. Subsequent development led to the beginning of the QPL (Qualified Product List) of products for the US Military, commonly known as MIL-SPEC Products today.
On the Commercial Products side, their other notable design was the 219 Series of Industrial Relays. Originally designed as a socket-compatible, high-reliability relay for use in Nuclear Energy Facilities, it is still used today for critical controls. The 219 packaged family of products, and the 219NE (Nuclear Energy) family, encompassed in addition to the standard electro-mechanical versions - the 236/237/238 family of industrial time-delay relays, the later 246/247/248 family of advanced time-delay relays, the 255 Series of latching relays, the 311 Series of Sequence/stepper relays, the 349 Series Voltage Sensors and the RSX Series of custom packages controls.
Struthers-Dunn is one of a few privately owned relay companies left in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="13834873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13834873" title="Asia-Pacific Fishery Commission">
Asia-Pacific Fishery Commission

The Asia-Pacific Fishery Commission (APFIC), originally called the Indo-Pacific Fisheries Council (IPFC) is a Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) Article XIV Regional Fisheries Body which covers fisheries, aquaculture and related aquatic resource issues in the Asia-Pacific region. APFIC functions as a Regional Consultative Forum raising awareness amongst member countries, fisheries organizations and fisheries professionals in the Asia-Pacific region.
In recent years, APFIC has covered a range of regional fisheries issues, including co-management of fisheries, low value/trash fish (may be referred to as bycatch where not targeted catch) in the region, illegal, unreported and unregulated fishing (IUU) and fishing capacity management,certification in fisheries (e.g. ecolabel) and aquaculture, ecosystem approach to fisheries and aquaculture and improving resilience of fishery livelihoods. Most recently work has focussed on developing a training course for Ecosystem Approach to Fishery Management and guidelines for tropical trawl fisheries management.
The Secretariat is housed in the FAO Regional Office for Asia and the Pacific in Bangkok, Thailand.
According to the Agreement on the Establishment of the Asia-Pacific Fishery Commission, eligibility for membership is based on:
Member Nations and Associate Members of the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) which accept the Agreement in accordance with Article X thereof. Other States that are Members of the United Nations, any of its Specialized Agencies or the International Atomic Energy Agency may be admitted as members by a two-thirds majority of the Commission's members.
The current member countries are:
Australia, Bangladesh, Cambodia, People's Republic of China, France, India, Indonesia, Japan, Republic of Korea, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nepal, New Zealand, Pakistan, Philippines, Vietnam, Sri Lanka, Timor Leste, Thailand, United Kingdom, United States
A former member state is the Netherlands.
In Article VI of the APFIC Agreement the 'APFIC area' is described as:
Area - The Commission shall carry out the functions and responsibilities set forth in Article IV in the Asia-Pacific Area.
Comment
This description is a broad definition of the area where APFIC will conduct its work. APFIC is competent in both marine and inland waters of its area of competence. The abolition of the Indian Ocean Fishery Commission (IOFC) and its Committee for the Development and Management of Fisheries in the Bay of Bengal (BOBC) in June 1999 resulted in closer involvement of APFIC in this sub-region, as the functions of BOBC was transferred to APFIC by the FAO Council’s Resolution 1/116 (Report of the 116th Session of the FAO Council).This was subsequently endorsed by the 26th Session of APFIC in Beijing 1998.
There is no change to the APFIC agreement in terms of membership, area of competence and functions of the Commission, there have been subsequent recommendations by the Commission to clarify where its focus of work should lie. The Report APFIC Ad hoc Legal and Financial Working Group proposed that APFIC concentrate its activities on three subregions of the Asia-Pacific:
• the Yellow Sea and its adjacent waters
• the South China Sea and its adjacent waters and
• the Bay of Bengal.
As APFIC adapts to the changing needs of fisheries and aquaculture in the Asia-Pacific, its role and function have been clarified as part of the development of a Strategic Plan for the Commission.

</doc>
<doc id="13839007" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13839007" title="Saxon (automobile)">
Saxon (automobile)

The Saxon was an automobile produced by the Saxon Motor Car Company, from 1913 to 1923. The company was based in Detroit and then Ypsilanti, Michigan.
Originally, in 1913, Saxon offered a small two seat roadster, that featured either a 2- or 3-speed rear axle gearbox, priced at $395.00. It had headlights, as an extra option. In 1915, electric lighting was standard.
Also available in 1915 was the Saxon Six, a five-passenger tourer, with a 30-35 hp (22-26 kW) six, electric starter and headlights, on a 112 in (2845 mm) wheelbase and 32×3½-inch (81×8.9 cm) wheels, all for US$785.
In its peak year of 1916, 27,800 Saxons were produced. After 1921, later models were known as the Saxon-Duplex. The last Saxon cars were sold in 1923.

</doc>
<doc id="13842443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13842443" title="Haitong Securities">
Haitong Securities

Haitong Securities (, ) is a major securities firm in China, providing services in stocks and futures brokerage, as well as investment banking, corporate finance, M&A, asset management, mutual fund, and private equity.
Haitong was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in July 2007 and has a market capitalization was worth more than $17.9 billion.
Haitong was founded in 1988 as one of the earliest securities companies and is one of securities companies boasting strongest comprehensive strength in mainland China. In April 2012, it IPO'd successfully, after two tries (December 2011 was cancelled due to market conditions), in Hong Kong. It began trading in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on April 27, 2012. As of June 2015 it ranks no. 1 amongst Chinese companies for fair value change gain.
Its business includes brokerage, investment banking, M&A, asset management, funds, margin trading & short selling,futures and PE investment. It has the second highest total assets and net assets in the sector, with the net asset reaching RMB 45 bn by the end of 2011. The company has 220 securities offices nationwide, 4mn retail customers, over 10,000 institutional and high-end customers, and customers’ assets up to nearly RMB 1 trillion.
Haitong has an investment banking division, known for financial and high-tech enterprise underwritings as well as M&A and restructuring of cultural media enterprises. 
As the earliest securities company engaged in PE investment in mainland China, Haitong wholly owns or obtains controlling shareholding of four PE investment fund management companies including Haitong Capital Investment Co., Ltd. and Haitong-Fortis Private Equity Fund Management Co.
Haitong puts emphasis on QFII, cross-border mergers, RMB funds and cross-border ETF, and ranks among the top three companies in the sector by QFII transaction amount. The company successfully purchased Taifook Securities, an old-brand securities broker in Hong Kong. Taifook Securities was renamed as “Haitong International Securities Group Co., Ltd. to actively facilitate the integration of domestic and overseas businesses. The company initiated the establishment of Fortis-Haitong Investment Management Co., Ltd., Haitong-Fortis Private Equity Fund Management Co., Haitong Capital Investment Co., Ltd. and Haitong International Holdings Limited., and obtained controlling shareholding of Haitong Futures Co., Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="13849149" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13849149" title="Heyco">
Heyco

Heyco is a German tool manufacturing company which manufactures tools for the automotive industry. Heyco manufactures custom tooling for many German automotive production companies such as BMW, Audi, VW, and Mercedes Benz. Heyco also provides industrial automotive production support in the manufacturing of polymer parts, plastic foils, aluminum laminated fiberglass textures, long glass composites, synthetic leather and polyurethane foam parts.
Heyco also manufactures electrical collector and wire protection systems for use in industrial and automotive applications.
Heyco was founded in 1937 by Max and Ernst Heynen and started off manufacturing hand tools for the early automotive industry in Remscheid, Germany. After World War II, Heyco began production of tools for assembly line automobile production. Heyco expanded to Tittling/Bavaria, Germany in 1961, and to Derschen/Rheinland-Pfalz, Germany in 1981. Heyco Production facilities also operate in the Czech Republic, and Ireland.
Heyco manufactures tools used in many TÜV European automobile tool kits, such as those found in Volkswagens, Opels, Fords, Volvos, BMWs, Mercedes Benzs, Rovers, Land Rovers and Rolls Royces.

</doc>
<doc id="13852088" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13852088" title="Santana Motor">
Santana Motor

Santana Motor S.A. was a Spanish car manufacturer based in Linares, in the province of Jaén, Spain.
The company was founded as "Metalúrgica de Santa Ana, SA" and originally manufactured agricultural equipment. The company was set up with a start up of just 3 million pesetas, following a drive by the Spanish government in 1954 who were offering start-up incentives to local businesses to encourage development in the Andalucia region of Southern Spain. The company decided to expand beyond its original products line and entered into talks with the Rover car company in 1956 in an attempt to get a licensing agreement to build Land Rover Series models in their factory, in a similar way to the Minerva company in Belgium, Tempo in Germany and Morattab company in Iran, all built Series Land Rovers under licence. An agreement was reached in 1956 and production began in 1958 it was licensed to build Land Rover models. The Santana Motor company built Series Land Rovers under licence in CKD form (Complete Knocked Down kits); essentially parts were shipped over from the Land Rover factory in Solihull and the Land Rovers were built up from this 'kit' at the Santana factory in Spain.
From 1968 Santana began to develop its own versions of the Land Rover Series Models, developing new engines and new models and this close relationship with Land Rover led the company to change its name from "Metalúrgica de Santa Ana, SA" to "Land Rover Santana, SA".
In 1962 the company became responsible for promoting the Santana and Land Rover brands in Central and South American Markets as well as Africa. CKD kits were also supplied to the Moroccan and Costa Rican markets by the company. Because of the harsh working lives vehicles endured in these environments, customer feedback on the range meant that Santana were often far more aware of each model's failings than the Land Rover company itself was. Because of the tight financial position in this period of British Leyland (which owned Land Rover), Santana were often better placed than Land Rover was to deal with these failings. This meant that Santana began to engineer its own solutions to common problems into the models it produced and thus arose a degree of originality in Santana's models compared to Land Rover's original products – a trend which led to the company's position today. Up to the late 1980s the Santana models – supposed to be quickly and cheaply built versions of Land Rover's own product - often ended up being quite different to Land Rover's own vehicles. For instance Santana models featured anatomical seats, disc-brakes, turbo diesel engines, taper-leaf springs, coil springs, and civilian-specification Forward Control versions before the Land Rover equivalents and there was even a civilian version of the Land Rover Lightweight called the "Ligero" which was never released by Land Rover.
The Santana Motor Company ended its agreement with Land Rover in 1983 but continued to develop its own range of vehicles which remained visually similar to Land Rover's Series and Defender range.
The Santana Motor Company began a relationship with Suzuki in the early 1980s when Suzuki bought a 20% stake in the company and from 1986 Santana started to produce licensed versions of Suzuki models such as the Suzuki Jimny/SJ and Suzuki Vitara. Although many of its products like the Santana Series VI/2500 were still visually similar to those of the Land Rover range the company moved even closer to Suzuki in 1991 when Suzuki gained a 49% stake in the company, becoming the controlling shareholder. A name change followed to Santana Motor,SA in the same year.
By the mid-1990s Santana's relationship with Land Rover seemed to have completely ceased as it was now only producing licensed Suzuki models and production of the Santana Series VI/2500 - the last Santana with visual similarities to Land Rover's current utility equivalent, now sold as the Defender - ended in 1994. The end of production of the Series VI/2500 was forced by the new owners Suzuki who restructured the company and the production machinery and tooling for the Series VI/2500 was sold to Morattab – an Iranian motor company.
In March 1995, Suzuki decided to divest from Santana. Suzuki kept the distribution network under the exclusive name of Suzuki and sold the car factory to the Government of the Region of Andalusia for one peseta.
Nevertheless, the company continued to manufacture new models of cars for Suzuki. Suzuki signed a new licence contract with an agreement to produce new diesel engined Santana models of Suzuki off-roaders. In 1997 this contract was extended until 2006. Additionally, Santana's continuous development of the Land Rover Defender design led to the production of the PS-10. The PS-10 was released as a concept vehicle in 1999, but production of the PS-10 did not actually begin until 2002.
In 2006 Iveco and Santana signed a long-term agreement to co-develop products. The first offshoot of this co-production was the Iveco Massif, a rebadged and restyled version of the Santana PS-10. The Santana produced Massif would go into direct competition with the Land Rover Defender, the direct descendant of the original utility Series Land Rover which spawned the entire Santana Motor Company.
In 2008 FIAT-Iveco announced that it had signed an option to buy Andalusian government-owned Santana Motor, depending on the success of the Massif.<ref name="italiaspeed.com/2008"></ref>
With the change of industrial partner from Suzuki to Fiat-Iveco, Santana ended its relationsip with Suzuki in 2009 and from that moment it no longer made any Suzuki car under licence. The ending of the partnership with Santana meant that in many countries like Spain, Suzuki no longer provided customer support for cars made by Santana under the Suzuki licence and brand, and directed owners to Santana because it considered them to be Santana cars. This represented a serious problem for owners of many Suzuki models that were exclusively made by Santana, for which it is difficult to find new parts.
When Santana broke with Suzuki, Suzuki kept the distribution network that had been owned by Santana for decades before. From then onwards, Santana was not able to sell the cars that it was manufacturing under its own brand name. Only the access to the commercial network of Iveco would have allowed the company to go on. However, In 2010, the sales of the Iveco Massif were not as expected and Iveco decided to end the agreement with Santana.
In 2011 the owner of the company, the Government of Andalusia, decided to close the Santana Motor company and its car factory and 1,341 people were laid off or retired prematurely. From 6,692 cars made in 2007, the company manufactured 1,197 in 2009 and as few as 769 in 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="13854483" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13854483" title="Eu Yan Sang">
Eu Yan Sang

Eu Yan Sang (, ) is a company that specialises in traditional Chinese medicine. It currently runs more than 300 retail outlets in Hong Kong, Macau, China, Malaysia, Singapore, and Australia, plus two factories in Hong Kong and Malaysia. The group also operates 27 TCM clinics in Malaysia and Singapore and two integrative medical centres in Hong Kong.
The holding company, Eu Yan Sang International Limited, has been listed on the mainboard of the Singapore Exchange since 2000.
In the 1870s, founder Eu Kong Pai, better known as Eu Ah Kong, left the village of Foshan in Guangdong, China and settled down in the small mining town of Gopeng, Perak. He started tin mining and noticed that the tin mine coolies were heavily dependent on opium as the easiest method for immediate relief for their medical needs. The majority were illiterate and oblivious to the dangers of opium to their health.
Eu Kong brought in herbal remedies to nurse their health, thus the set up of 'Yan Sang' shop. Eu Ah Kong opened his first Chinese medicine shop in 1879 in Gopeng. Eu Ah Kong died suddenly in 1890, aged 37.
Eu Ah Kong’s family business was inherited by his eldest son, Eu Ah Tong Sen, when he was only 13 years old. However, Eu Ah Tong Sen only took over the running of the business in 1898, after he turned 21. The family business included remittance, tin mining and rubber planting. Eu Tong Sen was heavily involved in Malaya’s tin mining industry. His prospecting of tin in Kampar led him to open a second medicine shop in Kampar, Perak in Malaya.
By the early 1900s, Eu Tong Sen expanded the family's Traditional Chinese Medicine business to other parts of Malaya, Singapore, Hong Kong and Southern China. The expanded business adopted the brand name, "Eu Yan Sang".
Eu Tong Sen died in 1941, in Hong Kong. In Singapore, a main street in Chinatown is named after him.
The family assets left by Eu Tong Sen was inherited by his 13 sons, in equal shares. By 1973, most of the businesses were sold or liquidated. Only Eu Yan Sang remained, with the family controlling 75% of the business.
In 1989, Richard Eu, a 4th generation family member, joined EYS Holdings in an attempt to keep alive the last family business. 
In 1990, Eu Yan Sang Holdings was taken over by Lum Chang as Eu Yan Sang shares were sold off by the 3rd generation family members.
Within four years in 1993, Richard Eu, along with cousins from the 4th generation, Robert and Clifford Eu, successfully bought over Lum Chang's shares in Eu Yan Sang Holdings. Once again family-owned, the company was renamed Eu Yan Sang International (EYSI). EYSI was listed on the mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange in 2000.
As of 2012, Eu Yan Sang has 219,100% owned Traditional Chinese Medicine retail outlets in Singapore, Malaysia, Hong Kong, China and about 80 Healthy Life stores in Australia.
The name of the company that Eu Kong started is made up of the words "Yan" and "Sang". The former means benevolent, kind or humane in Chinese while the latter represents birth, life or livelihood. "Yan Sang" literally means caring for mankind.
Eu Yan Sang's primary business in the past was the retailing of herbs and brews. Today, EYS's business has evolved into a TCM offering, including clinics and wellness products.
The changing demographics and sophistication of consumers have required TCM practices and treatments to be better validated. Today, EYS invests in scientific research to validate and quantify the efficacy of its TCM products.
EYS makes use of Herb Fingerprinting Technology to identify each TCM herb's unique chemical compositions. The company also conducts continuous research collaborations with tertiary institutes from Singapore and China to validate, develop and improve TCM products and treatments.
Eu Yan Sang has a distribution network of more than 300 retail outlets in Singapore, Hong Kong, Macau, Guangzhou, Malaysia, and Australia (under the brand name Healthy Life). Some Eu Yan Sang products are also carried in pharmacies, medical halls, supermarkets, convenience stores, hospitals, health clubs and spas.
Eu Yan Sang has two factories in Hong Kong and Malaysia. 
Eu Yan Sang's manufacturing facility in Malaysia is operated by a wholly owned subsidiary company, Weng Li Sdn Bhd. 
In 2006, Eu Yan Sang invested HK$110-million in a manufacturing plant in Yuen Long, Hong Kong which includes Hong Kong's largest concentration and extraction facility. The factory also has its own laboratory facilities for research and development.
As of March 2013, the group operates 27 TCM clinics in Singapore, Malaysia and two integrative medical centres in Hong Kong, with practitioners trained in Chinese medicine. These clinics offer services such as acupuncture, "tui na", and dispensation of TCM prescriptions.

</doc>
<doc id="13854900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13854900" title="North Sea Ferries">
North Sea Ferries

North Sea Ferries was a ferry company which operated between 1965 and 1996 when it was merged into P&O Operations (P&O North Sea Ferries), it had routes from Hull to Rotterdam (Europort) and Zeebrugge. P&O North Sea Ferries was then merged with P&O Ferries in 2003. In 1987, the Princess Margaret Ferry Terminal was built under the operation of North Sea Ferries. The building is now under the ownership of Associated British Ports and is operated by P&O Ferries.

</doc>
<doc id="13859539" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13859539" title="Shaklee">
Shaklee

Shaklee Corporation is an American manufacturer and distributor of natural nutrition supplements, weight-management products, beauty products, and household products. The company is based in Pleasanton, California with global operations in Canada, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, Taiwan, China and Indonesia.
Forrest C. Shaklee created "Shaklee's Vitalized Minerals" in 1915. In 1956, Shaklee founded the Shaklee Corporation with his two sons to manufacture nutritional supplements.
Shaklee chose the multi-level marketing business model to market their product.
Starting in 1960, Shaklee began marketing organic, biodegradable cleaning products. He continually emphasized "natural" and "environmentally friendly" in his marketing messages.
Shaklee Corporation was a publicly traded company in the late 1970s and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. The corporation began to diversify in November 1986 when it purchased the Bear Creek Corporation, a direct marketing company best known for its Harry and David Fruit-of-the-Month Club operation, from RJR Nabisco for $123 million.
In February 1989 Shaklee sold its 78 percent interest in Shaklee Japan to the Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical Company for $350 million, while maintaining its licensing agreement and continuing to collect royalty payments from the Japanese operations.
Then in March 1989, Shaklee Corporation received an unsolicited acquisition proposal from a group led by Irwin L. Jacobs, the Minneapolis financier known also by his nickname "Irv the Liquidator". Analysts placed the leveraged buyout value of Shaklee at $35 a share. The Jacobs group had been aggressively accumulating Shaklee shares, and disclosed it currently held a 14.98 percent stake in the San Francisco-based company. Shaklee immediately declared a special dividend of $20 a share, seen as a poison pill—a way to discourage takeover interest in Shaklee, though the company disputed that view. Shaklee's anti-takeover provisions came into play when an investor reached 15 percent.
After a few tense weeks, during which time Jacobs increased his stake in Shaklee,
Shaklee Corporation announced it was being acquired by Yamanouchi Pharmaceutical for $28 a share in cash, or about $395 million. Yamanouchi's partnership with Shaklee in Japan helped make the transaction possible, and cast Yamanouchi as a "white knight" in helping Shaklee fend off the hostile takeover bid by Jacobs.
Jacobs announced he would not challenge the Yamanouchi bid
and the deal with Yamanouchi was quickly finalized. Shaklee became a privately held company.
In April 2004, Yamanouchi sold Shaklee Corporation to American billionaire Roger Barnett, managing partner of Activated Holdings LLC, for $310 million. Bear Creek and the Harry and David line was sold to Wasserstein Perella & Co. for $260 million.
Shaklee promotes itself as a company committed to being green.
In 1974, Shaklee fell under scrutiny of the Federal Trade Commission, and agreed to cease its marketing its product "Instant Protein" as appropriate for infants, and to cease misrepresentation of the amount of protein in "Instant protein." Shaklee was further sanctioned by the FTC in 1976 for "requiring, coercing, threatening, or otherwise exerting pressure" on its distributors to maintain or advertise suggested retail prices.
In 2012, New England distributor John "Jack" William Cranney was charged with leveraging the reputation of his 45-year affiliation with Shaklee to solicit financial investments from other Shaklee distributors, his family and his friends, beginning in 2002. In July 2012, the Massachusetts Securities Division charged Cranney of implementing a financial investment Ponzi scheme to defraud 36 victims in multiple states of about $10.4 million and for using the funds for personal gain. Shaklee immediately suspended distributor payments to Cranney estimated at $45,000 per month. Several victims sued Cranney to recover damages and he sought federal bankruptcy protection for his home, valued at $3 million. Cranney lost the battle for his home and the proceeds from the sale were used to satisfy the claims of some of his alleged victims. In September 2014, the FBI arrested Cranney in El Paso, Texas and charged him with four counts of wire fraud, 16 counts of mail fraud, and three counts of money laundering.
From 1988 to 2000 Shaklee was the title sponsor of an American-based UCI professional cycling team managed by Frank Scioscia. In its final year of existence (2000) Team Shaklee was the top-ranked UCI tier III team in the world and included United States Olympic Team members Jamie Carney, Jonas Carney, Adam Laurent, and Kent Bostick. There is no information listed as to whether or not the team members actually used Shaklee products.
Beginning in 1993 and through the end of the NASA shuttle program, Shaklee provided NASA with a customized version of its rehydration beverage, Performance, under the name Astroade for use by Shuttle astronauts.

</doc>
<doc id="13860681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13860681" title="+Beryll">
+Beryll

+Beryll is a luxury accessory company based in Los Angeles, California. They specialize in designer sunglasses and other lifestyle accessories such as clothes. It has a flagship store in Santa Monica, and is sold at approximately 500 other outlets.
+Beryll was founded in 2006 by Sigmar Berg in Los Angeles, California. Berg (born 1975), an Austrian-born painter, photographer, and fashion designer, had moved to Los Angeles in 2006 with his family. Trained as an architect, he soon began designing accessories in his Santa Monica studio. He originally focused hand-made sunglasses for the brand, later expanding into jewelry, handbags, boots, belts, hats, scarves, leather vests, and other accessories.
Sigmar is "largely influenced by his European roots," and in particular the architecture style of Bauhaus. His products tend to be unisex, and also incorporate styles of Southern California. The brand uses a crew of "artisan workers" to craft its products.
The company has a flagship store in Santa Monica, California. Originally by-appointment only, it later opened to the general public. The brand is also sold at over 500 stores such as Henri Bendel, Maxfield, Barney's, and Fred Segal.
According to the brand, its products have been worn by celebrities like Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, David LaChapelle, Drew Barrymore, Lenny Kravitz, Katie Holmes, Kevin Dillon, Steven Tyler, Robert De Niro, Kim Basinger, Nicolas Cage and others. Kristin Cavallari wore the Beryll "Air" sunglasses on "The Hills" Season 6 Ep.1. Other sunglasses have been worn by Sarah Jessica Parker, Anna Pacquin, Sharon Stone, and Demi Moore.

</doc>
<doc id="13863248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13863248" title="Barry Callebaut">
Barry Callebaut

Barry Callebaut is among the world's largest cocoa producers and grinders, with an average annual production of 1.7 million tonnes of cocoa.
It was created in 1996 through the merging of the Belgian chocolate producer Callebaut and the French company Cacao Barry. It is currently based in Zürich, Switzerland, and operates in 30 countries worldwide. It was created in its present form by the German immigrant Klaus Johann Jacobs.
Its customers include multinational and national branded consumer goods manufacturers and artisanal users of chocolate (chocolatiers, pastry chefs, bakeries, and caterers).
In addition to manufacture, the company undertakes research into chocolate recipes: for example, in recent years, it has launched tooth-friendly chocolate, probiotic chocolate, chocolate with a high level of antioxidants (sold under the brand name ACTICOA), and "rebalanced" chocolate, which has an improved nutritional profile. These improvements are based under Callebaut's innovation strategy: Health and wellness, experience and indulgence, and convenience.
Cacao Barry was founded by Charles Barry in France in 1842. The company's founder traveled to Africa to seek out a selection of cocoa beans that would enable him to create his first connoisseur's chocolate. In 1923, Alexandre Lacarré took over the reins and carried out a number of ambitious projects for the company. In 1952, Cacao Barry became active from bean to gourmet chocolate. In 1963, the company created "Baking Sticks" and simultaneously the chocolate croissant ("pain au chocolat"
). In 1973, they launched the "Your demonstration partner" brand to introduce personalized assistance and support to professionals. In 1994, shortly before the merger of 1996, they launched the Pure Origine of Cacao Barry brand.
Callebaut was a Belgian company, founded by Eugenius Callebaut as a brewery in Wieze, Belgium, in 1850. The brewery began producing chocolate bars in 1911 and soon switched entirely to chocolate production. They began producing chocolate couverture in 1925.
Belgian chocolate producer Callebaut and French chocolate company Cacao Barry merged in 1996 to form Barry Callebaut. In 1998, Barry Callebaut was listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
In 1999 the company acquired Swiss chocolate maker Carma AG. In 2002, the group bought German company Stollwerck. These acquisitions were followed in 2003 by the acquisition of Dutch-Belgian company Luijckx Chocoladen N.V., AM Foods amba (vending mixes) in Sweden in 2004, FPI Food Processing International in the U.S in 2007 and KL-Kepong Cocoa Products Sdn Bhd in Malaysia in 2008. It sold Stollwerck in 2011.
Barry Callebaut also opened chocolate factories in Turkey, Russia, China, Brazil, and Mexico.
Barry Callebaut is now present in 30 countries, operates about 45 production facilities, employs 6,100 people, and has annual sales of more than CHF 4.8 billion (fiscal year 2011/12). The company serves the food industry from manufacturers to professional users of chocolate (such as chocolatiers, pastry chefs, or bakers), to global retailers. It also provides a comprehensive range of services in the fields of product development, processing, training, and marketing.
Barry Callebaut offers a wide range of chocolates, fillings, decorations, and compounds, as well as other cocoa and/or nut-based products for the chocolate, ice cream, biscuit, dairy, and other food industries. Their standard range is packaged as blocks, easymelts, drops, pearls, or sticks, or in liquid form. The company also offers chocolate products to meet the special needs of artisan customers, including bakers, pastry chefs, hotels, restaurants and caterers.
In 2005, Barry Callebaut introduced a "healthy" chocolate product called ACTICOA, which contains higher levels of polyphenol antioxidants (cocoa flavanols) than any other chocolate; some evidence indicates these flavanols have particular health benefits.
In various locations all over the world, Barry Callebaut has set up training centres for chocolate professionals who wish to improve their working skills in chocolate and learn about new trends, techniques, and recipes. Chocolate academies are currently located in Wieze (Belgium), St. Hyacinthe (Canada), Meulan (France), Łódź (Poland), Singapore, Zürich, Banbury (United Kingdom), Suzhou (China), Zundert (the Netherlands), and recently Mumbai (India) and Chicago (US).

</doc>
<doc id="13863520" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13863520" title="Partners and Napier">
Partners and Napier

Partners + Napier is a full-service ideas agency headquartered in Rochester, New York. The agency has another full-service office in Atlanta, Georgia, and additional field offices in New York, New York and San Francisco, California.
Partners + Napier was created in 2004 when CEO Sharon Napier and three partners, including CFO Jim DiNoto and CCO Jeff Gabel, purchased Wolf Group’s Rochester, New York and Atlanta, Georgia offices.
The agency is the founding member of the Partners Group, an interdependent collective of North American agencies formed in 2006, consisting of Partners + Napier, Partners and Jeary and Partners and Edell. The collective was dissolved after Partners and Jeary and Partners and Edell were acquired.
In 2010, Partners + Napier was acquired by Project, a holding company consisting of twelve total agencies based in Auburn Hills, Michigan. The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Project has identified no fewer than 50 potential agency targets for additional acquisition, according to chairman and chief executive Robert G. Vallee Jr.
In 2011, the company was chosen as one of the 30 Best Places to Work in Marketing and Media by Advertising Age.
With gross billings of $130M, Partners + Napier is a Rochester Top 100 Company, as chosen by the Democrat and Chronicle newspaper and a finalist for Fast Company's Fast 50 award.

</doc>
<doc id="13865233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13865233" title="Eternity Comics">
Eternity Comics

Eternity Comics was a California-based comic book publisher active from 1986 to 1994, first as an independent publisher, then as an imprint of Malibu Comics. Eternity published creator-owned comics of an offbeat, independent flavor, as well as some licensed properties. Eternity was also notable for reprinting foreign titles, and introducing "Cat Claw", "The Jackaroo", and the "Southern Squadron" to the U.S. market.
Such well-known creators as Brian Pulido, Evan Dorkin, Dale Berry, Ben Dunn, Dean Haspiel, and Ron Lim got their starts with Eternity.
Eternity began publishing in 1986, debuting with such titles as "Earthlore", "Gonad the Barbarian", "The Mighty Mites", "Ninja", and "Reign of the Dragonlord" (with only "Ninja" lasting more than a couple of issues).
In April 1987, "The Comics Journal" revealed that Eternity had been financed, along with Amazing Comics, Wonder Color Comics, and Imperial Comics, by Scott Mitchell Rosenberg. After this was made public, Rosenberg discontinued most of these publishers, but retained the Eternity label as an imprint of Malibu Comics, also eventually bringing in Canadian publisher Aircel Comics under the Eternity/Malibu umbrella.
One of Eternity's most successful titles was its 1988–1994 licensing of the Robotech franchise. The creators, the Waltrip brothers started with direct adaptations of the "" scripts and novels into comic format. Then they began writing additional stories that expanded the canon beyond the initial 85 animated "Robotech" episodes and "The Sentinels". As the series progressed the Waltrips began deviating from the "Sentinels" novels, adding new story elements and new characters.
During its existence, Eternity was no stranger to legal squabbles. The popular title "Ex-Mutants" was first published by Eternity from 1987–1988, and was then moved to Amazing Comics (with contractual problems resulting in yet another move to Pied Piper Comics). A legal dispute followed, and after running out of money for the struggle, creators David Lawrence and Ron Lim surrendered: the title returned to Eternity and was later published in a revamped version by Malibu.
Eternity's 1989 publication of "The Uncensored Mouse", which reprinted Mickey Mouse comics from the 1930s — without Disney's permission — led to a run-in with Walt Disney Productions. Eternity printed "The Uncensored Mouse" with totally black covers, bagged (to prevent casual buyers from flipping through the comic), and the inside of the comic had a printed notice: "Mickey Mouse is a registered trademark of Walt Disney Productions" so as not to confuse the market that it was an authorized Disney production. Eternity believed it had not violated any copyrights because strips had fallen into public domain. Regardless, Disney brought a lawsuit against the company and the series was cancelled after just two issues (six issues were solicited).
Similarly, Eternity's 1989-1992 adaptation of the popular Japanese manga "Captain Harlock" was discontinued after it was discovered that Eternity/Malibu did not have the "Captain Harlock" rights. The alleged representative for the rights to "Harlock" with whom Malibu exchanged money turned out to be fraudulent and was in no way connected to the actual rights holders.
Malibu stopped using the Eternity imprint before Marvel acquired Malibu, when Eternity's last two franchises moved to other publishers in the middle of 1994: "Ninja High School" returning to Antarctic Press and "Robotech" moving to Academy Comics.

</doc>
<doc id="13865454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13865454" title="Byrraju Foundation">
Byrraju Foundation

Byrraju Foundation was set up in July 2001 in the memory of Byrraju Satyanarayana Raju. He was a philanthropist who believed in the development of villages and worked towards upliftment of rural lives.

</doc>
<doc id="13868504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13868504" title="Dominion Energy">
Dominion Energy

Dominion Energy, Inc., commonly referred to as Dominion, is an American power and energy company headquartered in Richmond, Virginia that supplies electricity in parts of Virginia and North Carolina and supplies natural gas to parts of West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and eastern North Carolina. Dominion also has generation facilities in Wisconsin, Indiana, Illinois, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Massachusetts.
The company's asset portfolio includes 27,000 megawatts of power generation, of electric transmission lines, of natural gas transmission, gathering and storage pipeline, and equivalent of natural gas and oil reserves. Dominion also operates the nation's largest natural gas storage facility, amounting to more than of storage capacity. The company's Cove Point liquefied natural gas (LNG) import terminal on the Chesapeake Bay is one of the nation's largest and busiest facilities of its kind. Dominion serves more than 5 million retail energy customers in the Midwest, mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the U.S.
In 2009, Dominion was listed at #157 on the Fortune 500. A book about the company's 100-year history, "Dominion’s First Century: A Legacy of Service", was published in 2010.
18 percent of Dominion's total electric production comes from coal, 22 percent comes from nuclear power, 32 percent comes from natural gas, 9 percent comes from oil, 12 percent comes from Hydro and other renewables, and 7 percent from other sources. A strategy is being developed for Renewable energy sources, primarily wind and biomass, and conservation and efficiency programs to play an increasingly important role in meeting future energy needs and minimizing the company's environmental footprint.
Dominion's corporate roots reach back to the Colonial era through predecessor companies that operated canal and river barging, street lighting, railways, and electric trolleys. In 1795, some dams were built along the Appomattox River for industrial use, beginning Dominion's history.
In 1909, Dominion began operating as an investor-owned electric utility under the name Virginia Railway & Power Company, founded by Frank Jay Gould, according to its website. In 1925, the name was changed to the Virginia Electric and Power Company (VEPCO), and Dominion was operated as a regulated monopoly. In 1940, Dominion doubled its service territory by merging with the Virginia Public Service Company. The transit operations were sold in 1944. In 1980, Dominion Resources, Inc., was incorporated as the holding company for VEPCO.
In the 1980s, VEPCO was divided into three operating divisions, Virginia Power, North Carolina Power, and West Virginia Power. In 1986, Dominion gained territory by expanding in Northern Virginia after purchasing the Virginia distribution territory of Potomac Electric Power Company (PEPCO). In 1987, the West Virginia Power division was later sold to UtiliCorp United, but Dominion retained ownership of the Mount Storm Power Station in West Virginia. (In 1999, West Virginia Power would be sold to Allegheny Energy and folded into its Monongahela Power subsidiary; it and other Allegheny Energy subsidiaries have since been acquired in 2010 by FirstEnergy.)
Throughout the 1980s and 1990s, Dominion initiated a series of expansions into regulated and non-regulated energy businesses, both domestically and internationally. During that era, the company also established itself as a world-class operator of nuclear power stations.
In 2000, Dominion bought Consolidated Natural Gas Company of Pittsburgh, Pittsburgh, and added natural gas service to its energy delivery network in the energy-intensive markets in the Northeastern quadrant of the U.S. In 2001, Dominion bought Louis Dreyfus Natural Gas Company, adding to its natural gas delivery network.
Dominion re-branded all of its operations in 2000 to Dominion from Virginia and North Carolina Power as well as Consolidated Gas in order to create a more unified energy company. In 2007, as part of another effort to refocus on core electric and gas operations, Dominion sold most of its Houston-based natural gas and oil exploration and production business for pre-tax proceeds of nearly $14 billion. Its onshore US oil and gas reserves were sold in separate deals to Loews Corporation and to XTO Energy, while its Gulf of Mexico reserves were sold to Eni, and its Canadian reserves were sold to two Canadian trusts. Dominion still retains some production areas in Appalachia, however.
In early 2016, Dominion Resources purchased Questar Corporation. 
In 2017, Dominion Resources rebranded itself to Dominion Energy, following with a new logo. 
Dominion has three operating businesses:
Dominion generates electricity for both regulated sale in its Virginia and North Carolina markets, and also for wholesale in other markets in the Northeast and Midwest United States. Electricity generation is the largest unit of Dominion.
Dominion is a regulated electric utility that transmits, and distributes electricity from its power plants in Virginia, North Carolina, Connecticut, and West Virginia to customers.
Dominion Exploration and Production was the natural gas and oil exploration and production subsidiary of Dominion, and by 2007 was one of the largest independent natural gas and oil operators. During 2007, Dominion sold the majority of its oil and natural gas exploration and production assets to put additional focus on growing its electric generation and energy distribution, transmission, storage and retail businesses mainly in Virginia, West Virginia and North Carolina.
Dominion is a stakeholder in a joint venture planning to build the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, a natural gas pipeline that will run between West Virginia and North Carolina and is planned to be in service in late 2019.
The Dominion Political Action Committee (PAC) has been very active in donating to Virginia candidates. In 2009, the Dominion PAC donated a total of $814,885 with 56% going to Republicans and 41% to Democrats. In 2008, the PAC donated $539,038 with 50% going to Republicans and 47% to Democrats.
Dominion's social investment program is carried out primarily through the Dominion Foundation, which gives about $20 million each year to charities in the states in which Dominion does business.
A number of controversies have surrounded the company's decisions to develop new routes for its electric power transmission lines. On February 13, 2007, "The Washington Post" reported that the power company was planning to change the route of one 500 kV transmission line to appease critics in Northern Virginia from a route that would cut through protected forest and farmland to a southern route that would bypass nature preserves and Civil War sites by running adjacent to existing power lines. However, U.S. Congressional Representative Frank Wolf (R - VA) and Governor Tim Kaine (D) remained opposed to the line, saying that there was no real need, and that Dominion was trying to bring cheap electricity from the Midwest. Dominion contested, saying that the line would bring needed electricity to growing Northern Virginia. The proposal was accepted by the State Corporation Commission (SCC) on October 7, 2008.
On February 15, 2008, the SCC approved a controversial proposal for a 230 kV Dominion Virginia transmission line that would travel above ground for along a wooded portion of the Washington & Old Dominion Railroad Trail between Leesburg and Clarks Gap in Loudoun County, which Dominion again claimed was necessary for power reliability. Less than three weeks later, on March 4 and March 5, 2008, the Senate and the House of Delegates of the Virginia General Assembly unanimously passed emergency legislation that ordered the SCC to approve the underground construction of the line along that section of the trail as part of a four-part statewide pilot program for the development of underground transmission lines. Sponsored by Delegate Joe T. May (R - Loudoun), the legislation exempted the project from any requirements for further SCC analyses relating to the impacts of the route, including environmental impacts and impacts upon historical resources. The legislation went into effect when Virginia Governor Tim Kaine approved it on April 2, 2008.
The company began constructing a 605 MWe coal fired power station in Wise County, Virginia in June 2008. , the construction had reached the halfway point, with the plant scheduled to be fully operational in mid-2012. Dominion calls the plant the "Virginia City Hybrid Energy Center," which has been criticized by environmentalists as a way to make the plant sound environmentally friendly. The plant does however have the most stringent air permit for any coal fired power plant in the nation currently. The plant will burn up to 20% biomass along with Coal and a small amount of waste coal known as gob. The plant's carbon dioxide emissions are currently projected to be 5.4 million tons per year. High levels of mercury emitted from the plant, which is controlled by activated carbon injection to reduce the emissions, as well as a fly ash dump near the Clinch River (a source of drinking water) are also of concern. The plant would also continue to support mountaintop removal coal mining. Supporters, including Governor Tim Kaine, stated that as one of the largest importers of electricity, Virginia could become less dependent on importing electricity from other states with a new power plant. The plant brought 1000 workers to build, and will employ 130 full-time, as well as pay 4 to 7 million dollars of tax revenue yearly to economically depressed Wise County. In September 2008, the site was blockaded by activists from the Rainforest Action Network.
In 2001 when Dominion's Dominion Cove Point LNG, LP subsidiary was scheduled to reopen, many local residents were concerned about the proximity (only 3 miles) to the Calvert Cliffs Nuclear Power Plant, and the damage that could be caused by an attack or an explosion at the plant. Residents thought that the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission did not consider the risks before opening the plant.
In 2005, Washington Gas claimed that the natural gas imported at the plant was too "hot," meaning that it contained fewer heavy hydrocarbons and burned hotter. Washington Gas said that the hot gas caused problems for its customers and caused many of its mains to break. Dominion denied that the imported gas was the cause of the breaks and stated that expanding the area serviced by the imported gas would not cause additional leaks in the District of Columbia and Northern Virginia suburbs.
As of March 2010, the Political Economy Research Institute ranks Dominion Resources 51st among corporations emitting airborne pollutants in the United States. Dominion's Toxic Score of 16,656 (pounds released x toxicity x population exposure) represents a significant improvement from both the 2008 report (Dominion ranked 27th with a Toxic Score of 58,642) and the 2005 report (Dominion ranked 19th with a Toxic Score of 117,712) In December 2007, a settlement between the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Dominion Energy of Brayton Point called for the company's power generating plant to install new closed cycle cooling towers that provided significant protection to aquatic organisms in Mount Hope Bay, which flows into Narragansett Bay. The 2007 settlement resolved an ongoing dispute that began in 2003. The EPA issued a final discharge permit called a National Pollution Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) for the Brayton Point Power Station requiring significant reductions in thermal discharges to, and water intake from, Mount Hope Bay. In 2002, Dominion was responsible for 1,110,703 pounds of gastrointestinal or liver toxicant emissions, 1,440,000 pounds of musculoskeletal toxicant emissions, and 1,489,763 pounds of suspected respiratory toxicant emissions, and 1,478,383 pounds of suspected skin or sense organ toxicant emissions among other emissions that are suspected to be hazardous.

</doc>
<doc id="13868641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13868641" title="Clayton Homes">
Clayton Homes

Clayton Homes is the United States largest builder of manufactured housing and modular homes. Clayton Homes is a component company of Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway.
Clayton's corporate headquarters are in Maryville, Tennessee. Its subsidiaries include Vanderbilt Mortgage, 21st Mortgage, the nation's largest manufactured home lender, and insurance company HomeFirst Agency.
Clayton Homes was founded in 1956 by Jim Clayton. In 1974, Clayton Homes established its own mortgage company, and added a manufacturing division in 1975. The company went public in 1983, trading on the New York Stock Exchange. Each year from 1989 through 1992, Clayton Homes was named on the Forbes list of the best small companies in America. Kevin Clayton, Jim Clayton's son, took over the company in 1999.
In 2002, Clayton earned a revenue of $1.2 billion. It was acquired by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in 2003 for $1.7 billion. Cerberus Capital Management also expressed interest in bidding for the company. The certificate of merger was filed in Delaware, and Clayton stock was removed from the New York Stock Exchange. In 2007, Clayton Homes' revenue was $3.66 billion.
Clayton Homes sold its land-lease communities business to Denver-based Yes Companies LLC in 2008. The deal involved 65 properties in 11 states. The i-house brand was introduced in May 2008 as a green, energy efficient home. By 2009, Clayton Homes had sold over 1.5 million homes. In 2009, Clayton launched the eHome as a more affordable version of the i-house.
In 2015, Clayton worked with Oak Ridge National Library and architectural firm Skidmore, Owings & Merrill to produce a 3D printed house and car which share a single energy unit. Clayton Homes expanded into the traditional home building market with the acquisition of Georgia-based homebuilder Chafin Communities in 2015, and Tennessee-based Goodall Homes in 2016.
Clayton acquired River Birch Homes, based in Maryville, Alabama, in April 2016. The following month, Clayton hosted its first Birmingham-based home show. The show had 492 attendees and featured 27 homes from 27 facilities. That same month, Clayton announced that it would partner with nonprofit Next Step to build a modular duplex in Waco, Texas on a lot owned by NeighborWorks Waco in order to create affordable housing in the Greater Waco area. In 2016, Clayton Homes was recognized as number 292 on Forbes' list of America's Best Employers. The company introduced a line of tiny homes during fall 2016 with the debut of its "Low Country" prototype in North Carolina. The designer series received media acclaim from "USA Today", "The Post and Courier", among others.
Clayton Homes produces homes under the brand names of Buccaneer Homes, Cavalier Homes, Clayton Homes, Crest Homes, Giles Industries, Golden West Homes, Karsten Company, Marlette Homes, Norris Homes, Schult Homes, and Southern Energy Homes. Clayton Homes also owns retail brands Oakwood Homes, TruValue Homes and Luv Homes. In 2016, Clayton acquired G&I Homes, a family-run company based in New York.
In 2015, Clayton Homes released the Patriot home model and partnered with the Hope for the Warriors veterans assistance group. Clayton gave a check for $33,600 to the organization in January. Hope For The Warriors works with veterans from all branches of the military as well as post 9/11 active duty, National Guard, and reserve service members. In May 2016, Clayton presented a $100,000 check to the organization.
Clayton Homes was involved in a lawsuit in 2011 with FEMA after providing trailers as part of Hurricane Katrina relief which were found to contain formaldehyde. Afterwards, prefab shelters provided to Haiti through the Clinton Foundation after the 2010 earthquake were also tested with high levels of formaldehyde.
In 2015, a news story claimed that Clayton Homes unfairly targets and exploits minority home buyers. Clayton Homes was further criticized for its alleged use of corrupt business practices. The company has denied discriminating against its customers or its workers. Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, defended Clayton against predatory lending claims in an interview saying: "We have 300,000 loans on the books and in the last 3 years I've not received one letter of complaint from anybody."

</doc>
<doc id="13871558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13871558" title="Sourcefire">
Sourcefire

Sourcefire, Inc was a technology company that developed network security hardware and software. The company's Firepower network security appliances are based on Snort, an open-source intrusion detection system (IDS). Sourcefire was acquired by Cisco for $2.7 billion in July 2013.
Sourcefire was founded in 2001 by Martin Roesch, the creator of Snort. The company created a commercial version of the Snort software, the Sourcefire 3D System, which evolved into the company's Firepower line of network security products. The company's headquarters was in Columbia, Maryland in the United States, with offices abroad.
The company's initial growth was funded through four separate rounds of financing raising a total of $56.5 million from venture investors such as Sierra Ventures, New Enterprise Associates, Sequoia Capital, Core Capital Partners, Inflection Point Ventures, Meritech Capital Partners, and Cross Creek Capital, L.P.
In 2005, Check Point Software attempted to acquire Sourcefire for $225 million, but later withdrew its offer after it became clear US authorities would attempt to block the acquisition. The company completed an initial public offering in March 2007, raising $86.3 million. In August of the same year, Sourcefire acquired Clam AntiVirus. Sourcefire rejected an offer of $187 million in May 2008 from security appliance vendor Barracuda Networks, who had offered to pay US$7.50 per share, amounting to a 13% premium of their then-current stock price. Sourcefire announced its acquisition of the cloud-based antivirus firm Immunet in January 2011.
Revenue for the fourth quarter of 2012 was $67.4 million compared to $53.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, an increase of 27%. Revenue for the year ending December 31, 2012 was $223.1 million compared to $165.6 million for 2011, an increase of 35%. International revenues were $74.4 million, up 77% over 2011. As of December 31, 2012, the company's cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $204.0 million.
Sourcefire received SC Magazine's 2009 "Reader Trust" award for best intrusion detection and intrusion prevention system (IDS/IPS) for Snort and Network World's "2009 Best of Tests" award for the Sourcefire 3D System. The company placed in the "Leaders" Quadrant in the 2012 Gartner Magic Quadrant competition for intrusion detection and prevention system appliances, and received ICSA Labs' certification for the full line of Firepower (formerly 3D) appliances. Sourcefire was given a top "recommend" rating in 2012 for fastest and most accurate IPS detection from NSS Labs. Firepower was also ranked by NSS Labs at the top of their 2012 "Security Value Map" in security effectiveness and total cost of ownership.
On July 23, 2013, Cisco Systems announced a definitive agreement to acquire Sourcefire for $2.7 billion.
The Sourcefire Firepower line of appliances are designed to form part of a layered security defense. They can be deployed as:
Sourcefire Advanced Malware Protection (AMP) offers malware analysis and protection for networks and endpoints using big data analytics to discover, understand and block advanced malware outbreaks, advanced persistent threats (APTs) and targeted attacks. AMP enables malware detection and blocking while provisioning continuous analysis and retrospective alerting, using Sourcefire's cloud security intelligence.
Advanced Malware Protection can be deployed inline via a product key on NGIPS, dedicated AMP Firepower appliance or on endpoints, virtual and mobile devices with FireAMP.
Snort is an open source network intrusion prevention and detection system utilizing a rule-driven language, which combines signature, protocol and anomaly based inspection methods. Developed in tandem with the Snort open source community, its developers claim it is the most widely deployed intrusion detection and prevention technology worldwide.
Immunet uses the cloud virus definitions along with virus definitions from Clam AntiVirus which is an open source (GPL) anti-virus toolkit primarily used on UNIX operating systems designed for e-mail scanning on e-mail gateways. It provides a number of utilities including a multi-threaded daemon, a command-line interface scanner and tool for automatic database updates. The core of the package is an anti-virus engine available in a form of a shared library. Immunet is provided in two versions, Free and Plus.
As of June 10, 2014, Immunet Plus is no longer available, replaced with Immunet Free, supported by Cisco.

</doc>
<doc id="13872533" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13872533" title="Isthmian Steamship Company">
Isthmian Steamship Company

The Isthmian Steamship Company was a shipping company founded by US Steel in 1910.
Isthmian Steamship was the brainchild of US Steel President James A. Farrell, who had connections with the maritime industry through his father's trade as a ship's master. Farrell realized that US Steel could save substantial sums of money by owning its own fleet of freighters, rather than chartering cargo space from other companies. Farrell named the company after the Isthmus of Panama, in honour of America's recent construction achievement, the Panama Canal.
Farrell headquartered Isthmian Steamship in London, partly in order to take advantage of Great Britain's respected name in the industry, and partly to benefit from Britain's long history of maritime experience. Management of the company was assigned to the British Federal Steam Navigation Co Ltd, a company which traced its own origins back as far as 1782 with the British East India Company. The US end of Farrell's new company was managed by the Norton Lilly Agency.
The company's first ship was the SS "Bantu", a British vessel launched in 1902 and purchased by US Steel in 1907 for a reputed £24,000. By 1914, the company had purchased six additional ships – "Kentra", "Buenaventura", "Santa Rosalia", "Charleton Hall", "Craston Hall" and the sleek cargo liner "Crofton Hall" – all sturdy British steamships. With the outbreak of World War I however, Farrell brought the company back under the protective cover of the flag of America, which was not at the time a belligerent.
The company would continue to expand its operations in the ensuing decades. In 1956 however, the by then highly lucrative company was sold to States Marine Lines. US Steel justified the sale on the grounds that Isthmian's overall usefulness had diminished, as it now carried only a fraction of the corporation's exports.
It continued to operate as a property of States Marine until the early 1970s. Its last list of corporate officers is dated 1974.

</doc>
<doc id="13873356" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13873356" title="SYN Media">
SYN Media

SYN Media (Student Youth Network Inc.) is an Australian youth-run media organisation that provides training and broadcast opportunities for young people. Commonly referred to as SYN, the organisation produces new and independent media that is made by and for Melbourne's young people. It's a multi-media organisation utilising radio, television, and online. Approximately 80,000 people tune into SYN's radio broadcast on 90.7 FM weekly. Volunteers are all aged 12–25 years, and fill various roles in the organization. These include presenting and producing programs and working within the various departments including radio, TV, online, music, talks, marketing and publicity, IT and technology. A 2006 McNair listener survey showed a similar age group, 15–24, as the largest age group listening to community radio in Australia.
SYN has three major production departments: SYN Radio, SYN TV, and SYN Online.
SYN produces two independent broadcasts - SYN 90.7, on 90.7 FM; and SYN Nation, on DAB+ digital radio. The two stations also simulcast online. While programming on both stations rotates four times each year in seasons, a number of flagship programmes remain consistent, including:
Other seasonal programmes cover a broad range of subjects. 
SYN evolved out of MSR (Melbourne Student Radio) which consisted of Thornbury High's (then Thornbury Darebin College) 3TD, RMIT's SRA, La Trobe University's SUB FM, Swinburne University's 3SSR, Monash University's 3MU and Deakin's BAS radio. MSR had a one-month temporary aspirant broadcast licence in 2000 between August and September. Due to in-fighting at the board level of MSR, SRA station manager Jesse Nonneman approached Colin Thompson and Paul Van Eeden (the teachers from Thornbury High) and proposed a split from MSR to form a new youth radio station that would have 50% content from primary and high school students and 50% university content. The new station was called SYN FM, or Student Youth Network.
The full-time licence application was co-authored by Nonneman (SRA station manager), Simon Goodrich (SRA assistant manager), Van Eeden (3TD president) and Thompson (3TD treasurer). The public hearings held at the Melbourne Town Hall in 2000 (to hear the claims of the 22 aspirant radio stations) with Professor David Flint saw Goodrich, Van Eeden, McCarthy and RMIT University lecturer and ABC Media commenter Lee Burton represent SYN. The tag line for the application was "creators not just consumers of media". The budget plan for SYN was paid for by the Victorian Education Department with the backing of the Education Minister Mary Delahunty, who also donated her own money towards the costs of the lawyers developing the SYN constitution. Delahunty personally launched the SYN incorporated company in 2000 with two students from 3TD, Moshidi Manaka and future comedian Danny McGinlay. SYN had the backing of a number of ministers including state minister Justin Madden and federal minister Martin Ferguson. The original board included members from the Youth Affairs Council of Victoria and other Victorian youth bodies. When the licence was allocated to SYN in 2001 the then ABA (ACMA) commended SYN for being inclusive of all youth groups, citing in particular the involvement of Multicultural Youth Affairs Victoria and the Debaters Association of Victoria.
In late December 2002, SYN was awarded a permanent broadcasting licence, and commenced broadcasting as SYN FM on January 28, 2003. In late 2012, the "Pay for your SYNs" campaign was launched, in order to raise funds to upgrade and expand the studio facilities of SYN. The campaign was a success and as a result the two existing studios were upgraded alongside the addition of a third studio.
In April 2014, SYN Radio was split into two services - SYN 90.7, with Melbourne-focused content, on 90.7 FM; and SYN Nation, with content created from young people around Australia, on DAB+ digital radio. The launch of SYN Nation was attended by Minister for Communications Malcolm Turnbull, federal MP for Melbourne Adam Bandt, and Melbourne Lord Mayor Robert Doyle. Content for the station is supplied by volunteers at Bay FM Byron Bay, 2XX FM Canberra, Edge Radio Hobart, Gippsland FM Morwell, Radio Fremantle, Wangki Radio (Fitzroy Crossing) and 3WAY FM Warrnambool, as well as by Melbourne volunteers.
As well as radio, SYN also produces television for Melbourne's community television broadcaster C31. At SYN TV's height in 2010, it produced up to 15 hours of content per week.
Launched in 2003, SYN TV's current flagship production for C31 is "1700", a live, hour-long youth music show airing weekdays. It features music videos, interviews, reviews and music related discussion.
In late 2008, SYN launched "Get Cereal TV", a morning television alternative aimed at the youth of Melbourne. The show aired daily between 07:30 and 08:30 mornings on Channel 31. It was cancelled by SYN at the end of 2010 to allow the station to create alternative television programming.
2010 saw the premiere of "The Wrap", a weekly live-to-air news entertainment programme that on Friday nights on C31 Melbourne. It ended after 3 seasons on air.
In early 2013, SYN launched "The Cut", a weekly show based on arts and culture around Melbourne. It is SYN's only pre-recorded television show currently on air.
Online, SYN publishes programme blogs and a weekly e-newsletter. The website also features "SYNcasts" of some of SYN's radio shows as well as various SYNcast-only programmes.
SYN is one of the largest youth projects in Australia and the world, and has up to 1500 volunteers. It defines its aim as "to implement a national culture of young people broadcasting for themselves". In order to achieve this outcome, the station rotates on-air presenters frequently (approximately every three months) and all crew and executive positions annually. SYN does this to allow more than 1200 young people to gain direct media experience annually. Around 2500 students have also incorporated SYN's training and education programmes into their studies.
SYN has contributed greatly to community radio both in Australia and worldwide. For example, one spinoff project, the Bentokit Project, is a FLOSS and cross-platform radio broadcasting suite for community stations licensed under the GPL.
On 25 November 2011, a book was released entitled "Life of SYN" written by Ellie Rennie. In it, Rennie follows key SYN staff and volunteers "as they build Australia's most unusual media empire against enormous odds. Over the course of the book, social networking becomes the most popular use of the internet and traditional media institutions are forced to acknowledge the rise of amateur content. In response, SYN rethinks its approach to the online environment, kills its print publication, deals with the introduction of digital broadcasting and teaches schoolteachers about a new kind of literacy. In just two years dozens of careers are launched, the SYN radio audience doubles and they get told off for swearing."
SYN has had several different slogans. The most recent slogan is "Click, Switch, Watch" and was intended to reflect SYN's three media platforms – online, radio and television. Past slogans include "Creators not Consumers", "We May Be Young But We Know Our Shit" and "Where the Kids Push the Buttons". The circle logo was developed in the mid 1990s by Caroline Worsley. The launch creative, featuring an evolution narrative, was originally designed by Olivia Fowler studying a diploma of graphic design at Holmesglen TAFE, her iconic baby in the ear, representing the birth of a radio station was developed into series of posters by Jeremy Wortsman.
Former SYN staff members include Georgia Webster, Jo Curtin, Ryan Egan, Craig Twitt and Bryce Ives, who have each had a strong involvement in the Australian community broadcasting sector. Other alumni include: award winning ABC Journalist Joanna McCarthy; Simon Goodrich, Managing Director of Portable Content; Andrew Apostola co-founder and publisher of Portable; Jesse Nonneman, PBS 106.7FM broadcaster; teachers Paul Van Eeden, Victorian Teacher of the year 2007 and producer of ClassTV on C31 Melbourne and Colin Thompson.
Rorie Ryan, Thornbury High's junior student of the year in 1992, was crucial to SYN's success, having created 3TD in 1994 by applying for the first ever Australian aspirant high school radio station licence on 89.1 while he was in year 10. Ryan's technical expertise saw him go on to work for 3SRA, 3MSR, 3TD, SYN and NU Country Radio, an unsuccessful bidder for a full-time licence. He then went on to work for SBS Radio, and currently works for Fox FM. 3TD began broadcasting in 1996, attracting the interest of Nigel Slater of La Trobe University's SUB FM, and he invited 3TD to join 3MSR, knowing that teens were under represented in the community radio sector and would be crucial in obtaining a licence.
Former SYN presenters include Australian media personalities Hamish and Andy, Jack Post, Ryan Shelton, The Barefoot Investor Scott Pape, Zan Rowe and comedians Tom & Olly.

</doc>
<doc id="13880052" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13880052" title="Compass Light">
Compass Light

Compass Light is a video production company based in Camden, Maine. The company coordinates production of high definition video, film and non-fiction programming, from story development and shooting to editing and distribution.
Work focuses on the discoveries of people in challenging and value-forming situations, primarily outdoors and in a marine context. The company grew out of the work of producer/director David Conover, and draws on an assembled network of marine production personnel.
Behold The Earth - (in production)An inquiry into America's divorce from nature.
Sunrise Earth - (2004–present)Real-time observations of one sunrise habitat per episode draws on wonder of HD to make you a naturalist in your own living space.
Seasons one and two cover North America. In its third season, "Sunrise Earth" goes international, to Asia, Europe, Central and South America. The fourth season, airing on HD Theater in January, 2008, consists of locations chosen by the viewers themselves.
Cracking The Ocean Code - (2005)This HD production was shot in Panama, Cocos Island, and Galapagos with genome pioneer J. Craig Venter. It aired on The Science Channel and Discovery HD Theater.
Toad Warriors - (2005)Craig and Jackie Adams-Maher risk life and limb to save the King Brown snake of Australia from a deadly invasive army: the Cane Toad. Cane toads possess a deadly poison that kills any animals in their path.
Without their help, the deadly King Brown snake, a species that is essential in the production of life-saving antivenom, faces extinction.

</doc>
<doc id="13880796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13880796" title="Boathouse Group">
Boathouse Group

Boathouse Group, also referred to as Boathouse, is an independent American full service marketing and communications agency headquartered 11 miles outside of downtown Boston.
Boathouse was founded in 2001 by founding partners John Connors, III (former head of Zentropy Partners and son of Jack Connors, founder of Hill Holliday) and Christopher Boland.
Boathouse's 2010 roster of clients included Bank of America, Caritas Christi Health Care, EMC, Harvard Business School, Merrill Lynch, NSTAR, Partners HealthCare/Brigham and Women's Hospital, Spark Capital, Strategic Grant Partners, Thermo Fisher Scientific, and TomTom. Former clients include New Balance and Dr Pepper Snapple/Nantucket Nectars.
Additionally, Boathouse launches internally run ventures including SmallCanBeBig.org, LetSomethingGo.com, and PostPost.

</doc>
<doc id="13882523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13882523" title="ASP, Inc.">
ASP, Inc.

Armament Systems and Procedures, Inc. (ASP, Inc.), is a US defensive compliance weapons manufacturer providing equipment to law enforcement and private security companies. ASP telescoping batons are widely used.
ASP was founded in 1976 by Kevin Parsons, initially to produce the small custom 9mm ASP pistol. When traditional firearms manufacturers moved into that market, they re-focussed their efforts onto expandable batons.
ASP's produce telescoping batons. An assessment by law enforcement officers found them preferred to the usual straight baton for their portability, convenience, effectiveness, usability, and psychological impact.
ASP batons have been adopted by law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, New Zealand and Australia since the early 1990s. Expandable batons in general are sometimes referred to as "Asps".
The batons come in 3 sizes: 16", 21" and 26", and the company has adopted a European measurement standard. They are available with several variations, such as color (black being the most common, but some have nickel-plated shafts), grip pattern and material, and metal composition, the most common being 4140 high carbon steel, with an "airweight" line using a light-weight alloy with a combination of steel and aluminum.
ASP batons were friction-lock in design, and were opened by swinging the handle forcibly through the air. To close this type, the baton's tip is driven into a hard surface to break the friction. A version introduced in 2010 but since discontinued is called "LeverLoc", opened the same way was as friction-lock, but closable by twisting the shafts with both hands, and slightly longer when collapsed state due to the mechanism; a LeverLoc designed for plain-clothes concealment was also produced. The friction-lock Airweight series (P12 and P16), for plain-clothed concealment, was released in 2012.
The company produces restraints such as handcuffs and plastic ties, flashlights, and other weapons accessories, including customization options.

</doc>
<doc id="13882594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13882594" title="Great Wolf Resorts">
Great Wolf Resorts

Great Wolf Resorts is a chain of indoor water parks. The company owns and operates its family resorts under the Great Wolf Lodge brand. The company is headquartered in Madison, Wisconsin. In addition to a water park, each resort features specialty restaurants, arcades, spas, fitness rooms, and children’s activity areas including Yoga and bowling.
Black Wolf Lodge was founded in 1997 by brothers Jack and Andrew "Turk" Waterman, the original owners of Noah's Ark water park in Wisconsin Dells, Wisconsin. Black Wolf Lodge was purchased by The Great Lakes Company in 1999. Later that year, founder and chairman Bruce Neviaser changed the name to Great Wolf Lodge and the company headquarters were established in Madison, Wisconsin. In 2001, the company built a second location in Sandusky, Ohio, and named it Great Bear Lodge. When a third location opened in 2003, the decision was made to place all future parks under the Great Wolf Lodge banner. The name of the Ohio location was changed to Great Wolf Lodge in 2004. The chain has since added twelve additional locations and has one in development.
On May 1, 2012, Great Wolf announced they were adding a new amenity or attraction to each of their resorts in time for the summer season. In addition, they spent over $4 million renovating the company's first two locations – Wisconsin Dells and Sandusky.
On March 13, 2012, Apollo Global Management announced an agreement to acquire the company for $703 million. Following the announcement, an investor group filed a complaint in Delaware Chancery Court stating that the deal, in which Apollo would pay $5 a share, undervalued the company. On April 12, 2012, KSL Capital Partners made an unsolicited offer of $6.25 a share, and Apollo followed suit raising its bid to $6.75 a share. KSL then raised its cash offer to $7 a share on April 8, 2012, beginning a rare public bidding war. After Apollo upped its offer again to $7.85 a share on April 20, 2012, KSL Capital Partners later announced it would not be making additional offers. The company's shares traded as low as $2.18 in October 2011, but they climbed above $5 following the announcement in March 2012 and reached a 52-week high of $7.50 during trading in April 2012.
On March 24, 2015, Centerbridge Partners reached an agreement with Apollo to acquire the Great Wolf chain for $1.35 billion. The acquisition was finalized on May 12, 2015.
Great Wolf Lodge locations:
Previous locations:
Locations under construction:
Locations under consideration:
Great Wolf Lodge also manages the following brands:
Great Wolf's CEO Kim Schaefer was featured in the U.S. version of TV's "Undercover Boss", which included visits to several lodges where she worked alongside a lifeguard supervisor, front desk clerk, and restaurant waitstaff as well as participated in the children's program.

</doc>
<doc id="13883765" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13883765" title="PTC Therapeutics">
PTC Therapeutics

PTC Therapeutics is a US pharmaceutical company focused on the development of small molecule, orally administered treatments for orphan diseases.
Since 2003, PTC has been working on a drug for Duchenne muscular dystrophy.
In September 2009, PTC has entered into an agreement with Roche for the development of orally bioavailable small molecules for central nervous system diseases.
, PTC portfolio includes small-molecule compounds for treatment of spinal muscular atrophy (RG7800 and RG7916) and Duchenne muscular dystrophy (Ataluren and another exon skipping compound).

</doc>
<doc id="13884359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13884359" title="Cowles Company">
Cowles Company

The Cowles Company is a diversified media company in Spokane, Washington in the US. The company owns and operates the newspaper "The Spokesman-Review" in Spokane, founded in 1894. The company operates Inland Empire Paper Company, television stations, and interests in real estate, insurance, marketing and financial services.
William Stacey Cowles, the publisher of "The Spokesman-Review", is the great-grandson of the company's founder, William H. Cowles, and the fourth generation of the Cowles family to run the paper. His sister, Elizabeth A. Cowles, is chairwoman of the parent company. Rob Curley is the editor.
William H. Cowles came to Spokane at age 24 to be the business manager of the "Spokesman", which was founded less than two years before, and excelled at local news coverage. He had experience as a police reporter for the "Chicago Tribune" and was the son of the "Tribune"'s treasurer, Alfred Cowles, Sr. He soon bought the "Spokesman" from his partners. In 1893, he bought a rival paper, the "Review", and merged the two papers into "The Spokesman-Review." He acquired the "Chronicle" in 1897. According to "Time" in 1952, he was a "determined man" who had an artificial leg yet walked two miles to the office each day.
Cowles set the "Chronicle" on a course to be independent, and "The Spokesman-Review" to support Republican Party causes. "Time" magazine related the paper's success gaining lowered rates for freight carried to the Northwest United States and an improved park system and that helped the region. Increasing its reputation for comprehensive local news and by opposing "gambling, liquor and prostitution," "The Spokesman-Review" gained popularity. The paper's opposition to building the Grand Coulee Dam was not quite so universally applauded and when it opposed the New Deal and the Fair Deal, it so disturbed President of the United States Harry Truman that he declared the Spokesman-Review to be one of the "two worst" newspapers in the United States. The "Scripps League's Press" closed in 1939, making Cowles the only newspaper publisher in Spokane. Cowles created four weeklies, the "Idaho Farmer", "Washington Farmer", "Oregon Farmer" and "Utah Farmer". Cowles died in 1946. When William H. Cowles, Jr. succeeded his father as publisher, James Bracken received much more news and editorial control as managing editor.
The original Review Building, designed by Seaton & Ferris in 1891 in a style closest to Richardson Romanesque, is ten stories with a tower that reaches . In 1975, it was listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
Cowles' television operations are centered around the two NBC affiliates in eastern Washington. The flagship is KHQ-TV in Spokane, which was founded by Cowles as Washington's second television station. Cowles also owns KNDO in Yakima and its Tri-Cities semi-satellite KNDU (licensed to Richland). As of September 2007, Cowles planned to acquire two CBS affiliate television stations for USD $41 million from Newport Television, one of the holding companies formed by Providence Equity Partners when Providence planned to acquire the television stations owned by Clear Channel Communications. They are KCOY-TV in Santa Barbara-Santa Maria-San Luis Obispo, California and KION-TV in Monterey, California. KION carries The CW Television Network on a separate digital channel. Cowles would also have a management agreement with KCBA, the Fox affiliate serving Salinas, Monterey and Santa Cruz, California, and would acquire two low power stations, KKFX-CA, also Fox in San Luis Obispo, California and the Telemundo affiliate KMUV-LP in Monterey. The deal closed on May 7, 2008.
On September 20, 2013, News-Press & Gazette Company announced that it would purchase Monterey stations, KION-TV and KMUV-LP, as well as San Luis Obispo station KKFX-CA. NPG will also take over some of the operations of Santa Maria sister station KCOY-TV, which Cowles will retain, under a shared services agreement (as NPG's holdings in the area already include KEYT-TV in Santa Barbara). The existing LMA for KCBA was terminated on December 1, 2013 as that station's operations were assumed by Entravision Communications through a joint sales agreement (the license was retained by Seal Rock Broadcasters). On September 30, Cowles announced that it would acquire Max Media's Montana television station cluster for $18 million. The sale was finalized on November 29.
Other Notes:
The Cowles family of Spokane is descended from Elizabeth (1827–1910) and Sarah Hutchinson (1837–1884) of Cayuga County, New York. The two sisters married two brothers, Alfred Cowles, Sr. and Edwin Cowles of Cleveland, Ohio. Edwin published the "Cleveland Leader" and Alfred moved to Chicago, Illinois where he purchased one third of the "Chicago Tribune".
Feminist and educator Betsy Mix Cowles was Alfred and Edwin's paternal aunt. Edwin's sons Alfred and Eugene were chemists and metallurgists who invented and operated electric arc smelters to extract aluminum. Alfred Cowles, 3rd—the grandson of Alfred, Sr.—founded the Cowles Commission for Research in Economics following the Great Depression.
Distantly related, the Cowles family of Spokane are about sixth cousins of the family of Gardner Cowles, Sr. of Des Moines, Iowa and Minneapolis, Minnesota who owned Cowles Media Company. Both Cowles publishing families are descendants of Hannah Bushoup (c.1613-1683) of Hartford, Connecticut and John Cowles (1598–1675) of Gloucestershire, England.

</doc>
<doc id="13884439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13884439" title="Spectral Associates">
Spectral Associates

Spectral Associates was an American maker of computer games for the TRS-80 Color Computer. It was founded in 1980 and was defunct as sometime in the late 1980s. Spectral Associates sold their software through Radio Shack and via direct sales. It was a very prolific game company for the TRS-80 Color Computer I and II in its heyday.

</doc>
<doc id="13885141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13885141" title="Express Telecom">
Express Telecom

Express Telecommunication Company, Inc. (commonly known as Express Telecom or Extelcom) is a subsidiary of Vega Telecom. It was the Philippines' first mobile phone network operator and operated an analog AMPS network.
Established in December 1988, Extelcom was granted a provisional authority to install, operate and maintain a Cellular Mobile Telephone System (CMTS) in Metro Manila by the National Telecommunications Commission. In May 1989, limited operations commenced with the installation of Extelcom's first switch in Antipolo City and three cell sites in Metro Manila. The company initially offered cellular technology with service features including call forwarding, call waiting, and three-way conferencing. It was assigned the area codes 973 and 974 (presently not in use). In October 1992, Extelcom was granted a certificate of public convenience and necessity (CPCN) by the NTC. Extelcom is the only CMTS operator in the Philippines with a CPCN. Extelcom introduced the first cellular prepaid card in the country, "Cellcard".
It has 10 MHz on the 800 bandwidth for its analog network. The NTC in September 2001 gave Extelcom 5 MHz frequency in the 1800 bandwidth for its planned GSM operations. It dropped its GSM plans in 2003 in favor of deploying a network based on the CDMA protocol.
In July 2015, Vega Telecom acquired Extelcom from the group of Roberto Ongpin and the Ashmore Group.

</doc>
<doc id="13885687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13885687" title="Ferrostaal">
Ferrostaal

Ferrostaal is a provider of industrial services. With 4,400 employees and an annual turnover of around euro 1, 6 billion euro (2008), Ferrostaal serves customers in more than 40 countries worldwide. Ferrostaal provides industrial services in two areas: Projects (Petrochemicals, Industrial Plants, Solar Energy and Power) and Services (Equipment, Piping, Automotive). In 2009, the International Petroleum Investment Company (IPIC) of Abu Dhabi has taken over 70% of the shares of Ferrostaal AG from MAN AG, Munich. Due to the acquisition of the majority shares, the company entered the commercial register as Ferrostaal, underlining its separation from the MAN Group.
Ferrostaal was founded in The Hague, Netherlands in 1920. The steel trading company was bought by Gutehoffnungshütte Aktienverein (GHH) in 1926. Ferrostaal expanded into many countries and, from the 1950s onwards, committed itself to worldwide steel trade. During the 1960s the company started to build industrial plants. Until the end of the 1960s, Ferrostaal was also known as manufacturer of diesel railcars and railbuses. In 2004 it was renamed MAN Ferrostaal. Three years later the corporation sold two thirds of its steel business. In 2007 Solar and Biofuels were created as new strategic business areas. As a result of IPIC taking over the majority of shares of MAN Ferrostaal AG, the company changed its name into Ferrostaal AG.
In March 2012, MAN SE announced the sale of Ferrostaal AG to the MPC Group. Since March 2012 Ferrostaal's new owner is MPC Industries GmbH and the company's name has been changed to Ferrostaal GmbH.

</doc>
<doc id="13887629" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13887629" title="Asenav">
Asenav

Asenav is a Chilean ship building company, based in Santiago with its main shipyards located in southern Chile in the middle of the city of Valdivia, some 15 km from the Bay of Corral at the Pacific coast. The company was established in 1973 by the German immigrant Eberhard Kossmann.
Ships built by Asenav:

</doc>
<doc id="13887910" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13887910" title="Système U">
Système U

Système U is a French retailers' cooperative, comprising about eight hundred independent hypermarkets and supermarkets, headquartered in the Parc Tertiaire SILIC in Rungis, France.
It owns the trademarks Hyper U, Super U, Marché U and Utile, which are used by its members. It had a pre-tax turnover of 12.7 billion euros in 2002 and 13.8 billion in 2003, rising to 15.6 billion euros in 2007; this makes the company the sixth largest retail group in France. 
It is directly descended from the "Pain Quotidien" ('daily bread') cooperative which was founded in western France in 1894. It arranged a strategic alliance with the larger E.Leclerc supermarket group in 1999.
There are three brands found within Système U:

</doc>
<doc id="13888205" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13888205" title="APCO Worldwide">
APCO Worldwide

APCO Worldwide is an independent global public affairs and strategic communications consultancy. With more than 600 employees in 35 worldwide locations, it is also the second largest independently owned PR firm in the United States. Headquartered in Washington, D.C., APCO was founded in 1984 by Margery Kraus, who is now the firm's Executive Chairman.
Most public relations firms focus on corporate communications, but APCO is usually hired to handle sensitive political and crisis management issues. Many APCO executives are former prominent government officials, politicians and ambassadors. APCO's clientele consists of multi-national corporations, governments, politicians, associations and nonprofit organizations.
Margery Kraus founded APCO Associates in 1984 as a subsidiary to Arnold & Porter, one of Washington's largest law firms, and from where APCO's name is derived. Grey Global Group, a New York-based global advertising and marketing agency, purchased majority ownership of APCO in 1991 from Arnold & Porter. On September 28, 2004, APCO announced its independent buyout from Grey Global and has thus become one of the largest privately owned public relations firms in the world. The firm has been described by Public Relations media outlet Everything-PR as "one of the world's most powerful PR firms."
In 2016, Kraus stepped down from her role as CEO, for the role to be filled by Brad Staples, who is a member of the London office. When speaking to PR Week, Staples indicated that APCO was looking to create a 'global account leadership initiative', whereby global accounts were being run by senior members of the team based in Europe, rather than the USA.
APCO has handled the crisis for Merck & Co's withdrawal of Vioxx from the market, and Kazakhstan president Nursultan Nazarbayev hired APCO to extricate himself from a four-year-long dispute with his former son-in-law Rakhat Aliyev. WorldCom hired APCO Worldwide to handle its political PR surrounding the media frenzy regarding its disclosure that £2.4bn in expenses had been falsely reported in its financial results in 2002. APCO stepped into prominence in India when it won the contract to promote and rebrand the Gujarat Global Investors' Summit, "Vibrant Gujarat".
The "Sound Science Coalition" (TASSC) was created in 1993 by Phillip Morris and APCO in response to a 1992 United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) report which identified secondhand smoke as a Group A human carcinogen. TASSC developed local coalitions to influence media, legislators, and the public, and recruited scientists and researchers to support Philip Morris's position. Nonetheless, TASSC described itself as "a not-for-profit coalition advocating the use of sound science in public policy decision making." TASSC's links to the tobacco industry were minimized as part of APCO's strategy for TASSC to appear to be an independent national grassroots coalition. To conceal this relationship, TASSC broadened their focus to question other scientific topics, notable among them global warming.
On March 30, 2010, Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim alleged in the Malaysian parliament (the Dewan Rakyat) that the 1Malaysia concept was mirrored after "One Israel" concept and designed by Mindteams Sdn Bhd, a branch in Malaysia of APCO Worldwide. He alleged that APCO also created the One Israel concept in 1999 for then Israeli's Prime Minister Ehud Barak. Both APCO and the Barisan Nasional government stated that Anwar's allegation was untrue. Malaysian lawmakers have tabled a motion to censure Anwar for misleading the Parliament over his 1Malaysia-One Israel allegations which was passed by the Parliament on April 22, 2010.
In 2010, APCO was involved in the controversial recommendation to fire Mark Hurd, the CEO of HP. Kent Jarrell, a senior vice president, wrote a mock news story which he showed to HP's board. During this same meeting, he contemplated that HP would negatively be affected by bad press of its CEO being involved in an inappropriate relationship with an ex-soft porn actress, Jodie Fisher.

</doc>
<doc id="13888978" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13888978" title="Crerar Hotels">
Crerar Hotels

Crerar Hotels is a hotel chain managed by Crerar Management Ltd., based in Edinburgh, Scotland.
The Cheshire Public House Trust Company was founded in 1902 by the fourth Albert Grey, 4th Earl Grey.
The first trust to be set up was British Trust Hotels. Nine businessmen invested in this company and half the shareholding was settled in trust to ensure that a percentage of the profits were indeed distributed to charitable organisations.
Paddy Crerar joined North British Trust Group Ltd as a trainee and worked his way up the ranks; appointed Managing Director of British Trust Hotels in October 1999 and Group Managing Director (Chief Executive) of North British Trust Group in April, 2003.
Paddy acquired a shareholding in NBTG Ltd early on. This later helped him take a controlling interest in the company which became Crerar Hotels following the sale of a number of properties to Swallow Hotels in August 2005 which has been sold in 2014.
Substantial charitable donations are still made by the British Hotels Trust, which owns shares in the business.
See below a list of Crerar Hotels:

</doc>
<doc id="13891254" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13891254" title="Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles">
Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles

Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles is a bicycle manufacturer based in Ramona, California with manufacturing facilities in Vancouver, Washington. Founded by Tony Ellsworth in 1991, it produces a range of trail, free-ride, and road bikes. Ellsworth also produce a designer/cruiser bike known as "The Ride" 
The company was founded by Tony Ellsworth. In 1991, Ellsworth built his first bicycle frame after a dramatic career change brought on by deteriorating health. He built his first full-suspension mountain bike for his wife in 1993 and by 1994 Tony was building bikes "for people whose names he didn't know", at which point he considered that he had built a business.
BST Nano Carbon bought Ellsworth in 2014 and changed the focus to carbon fiber frames with aluminium frames to be manufactured elsewhere. The offices and research and development departments were relocated from Ramona to BST's San Diego composite factory but Ellsworth did not release any bikes in 2015 as BST had underestimated the costs associated.
A private investor from San Diego bought the company from BST and in January 2016 a new product range with both carbon fiber and aluminium alloy bikes was announced.
Ellsworth bicycles are unique in that they use Instant Center Tracking technology, an Ellsworth-specific technology. Tony Ellsworth, founder of the company, holds nine patents related to ICT technology.
In 2004 Fallbrook Technologies partnered with Ellsworth to commercialize their NuVinci technology. The NuVinci is a new drivetrain targeted for use on bicycles, though Fallsworth is trying to adapt it for other uses. The large NuVinci hub uses a new technology, a 'continuously variable planetary' drive train, to allow multiple gear ratios while removing the gears. Thus, a derailleur and multiple gears are no longer necessary. This technology is already in use on Ellsworth's 'The Ride', a cruising bike, which was designed specifically for the NuVinci.
Ellsworth sponsored the Suzuki 24 Hour National Point Series in 2008, along with Infinit Nutrition. They will continue to sponsor the event through 2010.
Ellsworth resigned Pua Sawicki, the 2007 Female Mountain Biker of the Year. She rode a Truth, produced by Ellsworth, during the 2008 season.
Four teams competing in the 2008 Primal Quest Adventure Expedition, a two-week endurance race held near Big Sky, Montana, were sponsored by Ellsworth. Three teams rode Truths, and one rode Epiphanies.
The beginning of 2009 saw the formation of the Ten Speed Drive/Ellsworth Factory Cycling Team. Part of the team's mission is reducing their environmental impact, and both Ten Speed Drive Racing, Inc. and Ellsworth will emphasize their commitment to the environment. The team will use Ellsworth's Scant scandium road bike frames.
In April 2009 Ellsworth announced it would sponsor Jack Reading, a profession downhill mountain biker from the United Kingdom. He rides a Dare, produced by Ellsworth.

</doc>
<doc id="13891689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13891689" title="Interpolis">
Interpolis

Interpolis is one of largest insurance companies in the Netherlands. The company has gained wide recognition with its advertising campaign "Interpolis.Crystal clear". Besides financial compensation, Interpolis also offers compensation in kind.
In addition to insurance, Interpolis is also known for its special outlook on work. No one at Interpolis has their own fixed place of work. The employees can select a place of work that is best suited to them and to the work that they do. Special areas called ‘club houses’ have also been created at the Interpolis head office, each with its own particular atmosphere. In these club houses the Interpolis employees can combine various daily activities, such as working, consulting, meeting people, relaxing and eating. The flexible working concept, of Activity Based Working, led to a cultural transition at Interpolis. That is because flexible working is not just a matter of moving some furniture around. Flexible working must also become embedded in the way you think and act. Employees at Interpolis do not have to clock in. The motto at Interpolis is: as long as the work gets done. Whether that is done from home or at the office is something the employees can decide for themselves. Interpolis is a pioneer of teleworking in the Netherlands. At the moment about 2,500 employees work from home several days a week.
Interpolis came into existence in 1969 after a merger between the life insurance company BTL and four mutual non-life insurance companies: ABTB in Arnhem, LLTB in Roermond, LTB in Leiden and NCB in Tilburg (which were part of the regional class-based organizations of the Katholieke Nederlandse Boeren- en Tuindersbond (KNBTB) (Catholic Dutch farmers and market-gardeners union). Also in 1969 Interpolis, together with the Coöperatieve Centrale Boerenleenbank - a forerunner of the Rabobank -, founded the finance company DLL (formerly known as De Lage Landen). That organization is still a part of the Rabobank.
Three other mergers followed: with Hagelunie (1972), De Twaalf Gewesten (1985) and Sterpolis (1993). In 1990 mergers between banks and insurance companies became permitted, after which the Rabobank acquired almost all the shares of Interpolis. The Catholic class-based organizations, united in the KNBTB, retained their controlling interest until 2000. After the merger with Commit Arbo (2000) and the take-over of Relan (2001), Interpolis expanded its insurance activities to include old-age provisions and absenteeism management.
In 2005 Interpolis merged with Achmea, part of the European insurance group Eureko. The Rabobank exchanged Interpolis for 37% of the shares in Eureko. Since the merger Interpolis is part of Achmea, the largest insurance group in the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="13891884" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13891884" title="IQinVision">
IQinVision

IQinVision is a manufacturer of network cameras, IP cameras, and network video recording (NVR) systems. The company was founded in 1998. The company is headquartered in San Juan Capistrano, California, and it has offices in Lancaster, Pennsylvania and Utrecht, Netherlands.
IQinVision brands its cameras under the term “IQeye” and the cameras it produces can act as stand-alone surveillance systems or integrate with other systems via an API or Software Developer’s Kit for full-custom applications. For example, IQeye camera integrate with many popular third party network video recorder applications such as those by companies like Aimetis, Genetec, Milestone, ONSSI, Mirasys and many others.
IQinVision brands megapixel IP cameras under its own name as well as under OEM models.
IQinVision began as a technology merger between an Engineering Services firm, Gordian Technologies, and one of Gordian's customer's, a small startup company called "VISIQN" (literally 'IQ' within the word "Vision" with the Q replacing the O) that designed intelligent network cameras for the surveillance industry. The company was founded in 1998 to design, manufacture and market a line of megapixel/HD cameras. The company changed its name to "IQinVision" early on to avoid confusion.
The company has offices in San Juan Capistrano and Amsterdam.
In January 2011, the company held its first partner conference - the IQsummit. At the conference, the company gave updates on IQinVision and discussed the future of megapixel surveillance and networked security video.
In June 2013, Charles Chestnutt was officially appointed as the company's President and CEO. Charles had been serving since January 2012, as the company's interim chief executive officer.
In March 2014, IQinVision merged with Vicon Industries, another company that also specializes in digital surveillance.

</doc>
<doc id="13893203" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13893203" title="Spiral Q Puppet Theater">
Spiral Q Puppet Theater

Spiral Q Puppet Theater is a puppet troupe that was founded in 1995 by Matthew "Mattyboy" Hart in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. After traveling the country he was inspired by the street performance work of the Radical Faeries and the Bread and Puppet Theater in Glover, Vermont. On his return to Philadelphia, Hart founded "Spiral Q" as a way to use his newfound interest in puppetry, street theatre and pageantry to promote social and political change. To this day, Spiral Q seeks to bring the storytelling techniques of giant puppetry, pageantry, and toy theater to the urban backdrop of Philadelphia.
Initially, Spiral Q was a shadow puppet theater that staged performances throughout the community. Local activist groups came to Hart to make puppets, props and effigies for demonstrations and educational campaigns. Spiral Q's identity springs from this early work in Philadelphia's HIV/AIDS activist and queer communities, particularly with AIDS Coalition To Unleash Power (ACT UP). In 1997 and 1998 Hart organized the week-long "Full-On Puppet Festival" in Philadelphia. showcasing puppeteers from around the country. Spiral Q also organized an annual Day of the Dead parade on South Street up through 1999. Both the festival and the parade were set aside so that the organization could focus on community activism.
Workshops with a local children's garden led to another model of community performance with children and adults carrying giant puppets that they created in parades and pageants. In 2000 Spiral Q started an annual citywide parade and pageant called "Peoplehood". Each October the parade starts at the Paul Robeson House and ends in Clark Park. In addition to neighborhood parades and pageants such as Peoplehood, Philadelphians can get involved with Spiral Q through its Justice Works Program and Education Initiatives.
Since 2000, the theater has been located in the East Mantua section of West Philadelphia. Hart left the company he founded in 2003 to pursue other interests.
Spiral Q Puppet theater reaches out to the community and promotes connection and diversity through their Peoplehood program. Spiral Q involves numerous communities in the act of collaboration by instructing and facilitating in the making of a variety of puppets aimed at celebrating people and bringing them together. The organization bases its community building programs on core values established as a means of encouraging social justice. The theater identifies its core values as:
Inclusion/Challenging Discrimination, Freedom of Speech/ The right to be Seen and Heard, Collaboration, and Sustainability. Working from the belief that freedom of speech is both an inalienable individual right and a collective responsibility, Spiral Q strives to use the age-old arts of puppet-making and theatrical pageantry as vehicles for social change.
In 2009 Spiral Q began its annual tradition of granting the Q Awards. According to Spiral Q's executive director, Tracy Broyles, "The Q Awards recognize folks for protecting or advancing free speech in community organizing and standing up to discrimination…I hope this recognition makes more people aware of the important work they're doing and, even though it's just small thing, if it can fuel their energy, then all the better. And if it can help engage even more people in their work, then all the better."
The 2010 Q Awards and recipients are as follows:
The Artist-activist award - photographer JJ Tiziou
The challenging discrimination award – ACT UP
The free speech award – defense attorney Larry Krasner
The sustainability award – Neighborhood Bike Works 
The Collaboration award - West Kensington Ministry, Norris Square Civic Association, Men in Motion in the Community, Richard and Friends in the Community, al-Aqsa Islamic Society and the offices of state Sen. Christine Tartaglione (D-2nd Dist.) and city Councilmember Maria Quiñones-Sanchez (D-7th Dist.)
Spiral Q has announced plans to participate in Philagrafika 2010, with a project entitled, Silkscreen Resistance and Dissent. The intended project is an investigation of the use of printmaking techniques in the South African anti-apartheid movement of the 1980s and the application of these techniques in the contemporary moment. This application is to be enacted through the use of a mobile screen print studio housed in an RV, thereby bringing printmaking to the community at large. According to Spiral Q's website, this project is in the research and development phase and will be developing over the next year.
Justice Works is Spiral Q's program that supports social change. It does so by assisting organizations in creating materials such as puppets and banners to aid in the dissemination of messages in the context of public demonstrations. According to program director Ted Enoch, Spiral Q will not assist any organization that employs hate speech or engages in the destruction of property. Spiral Q tries to select participants based upon compatibility with its core values and financial need.
Spiral Q has collaborated with a number of schools and programs such as Huey School, Lea Elementary, the Norris Square Civic Association's after-school program at McKinley Elementary, Feltonville Intermediate, J.S. Jenks School, Reynolds and Vaux Schools, and the Communities in Schools (CIS) Initiatives at Peirce and William Dick Schools, some of which have limited access to the arts, through programs and activities that teach the students the logistics of constructing a puppet as well as encourage student's right to be seen and heard. According to the Program Director at Spiral Q, the theater concerns itself primarily with showing students how their thoughts and ideas can be communicated through the construction of puppets. The theater encourages students by providing the vehicle through which they can express themselves.
Spiral Q helps children construct their vision of a puppet by providing as much recycled materials as are donated to them. Major elements of the puppet making process are the creation of a working marionette, introduction of new materials, and learning how to work as a team. Depending on the age group Spiral Q will teach this in a 16-week time frame. According to information provided by Spiral Q this is a time line that artists and theater facilitators might use.
1. Intro. to Q, students, routine, project and games
2. Where we come from and journals
3. Character development and story telling 
4. Armature building and hand projections
5. Sculpting 
6. Mache
7. Mache 2
8. Introduction to painting and color mixing
9. Priming and priming flats
10. Painting details and lettering 
11. Painting details 2 and finish flats
12. Costume and hair 1
13. Costume and hair 2
14. Assembly and construction
15. Parade, performance and puppet wrangling
16. Perform parade
While teaching the students how to work as one, Spiral Q tries to convey to students how to be nice to one another and understand each other without stereotyping. According to papers distributed by Spiral Q, "The curriculum is designed to inspire and develop expressive tools, to encourage innovative thinking and experimentation, and to engage students as active citizens in shaping their communities."
Spiral Q artists also create puppets for the use in festivals, cultural institutions, libraries, schools, museums, and theatres.
Open by appointment only, the Living Loft Puppet Museum features many of the giant puppets used by the theater. Visitors may see six-foot human heads, birds, fish, costumes and other giant creations. There are also toy theater displays of Philadelphia landmarks. Tours include art-related activities and a history of the theater company.

</doc>
<doc id="13896453" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13896453" title="Odfjell Drilling">
Odfjell Drilling

Odfjell Drilling is a listed international drilling, well service and engineering company with 3000 employees. The company has more than 40 years experience of international drilling operations and has carried out drilling operations in the North Sea and in most parts of the world. The company was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange 27. September 2013. 
The company was established in 1969 when Odfjell took orders of three drilling rigs delivered from Aker. In 1973 the company was formerly established as Odfjell Drilling & Consulting Company AS. In 1974 the first rigs were delivered, and started service for Conoco and Saga Petroleum. The first production drilling contract was awarded by Statoil on the Statfjord oil field in 1979. In 1984 Odfjell Drilling started with operation on the British sector with a semi-submersible rig for Hamilton Brothers Oil & Gas. Since the mid-1990s Odfjell has made a strategic decision to concentrate on the North Sea market, resulting in the acquisition of Norwegian Drilling Management and the creation of the joint venture Deutag Norge Drilling with Deutsche Tiefbohr.
In 1996 the subsidiary company Deepsea ASA was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange, but was delisted a year later after the acquisition by Marine Drilling Marine Drilling Companies (now part of Ensco plc). The main asset of the company was the bare-deck hull of the under-construction "Deepsea Stavanger" drilling rig. The company was renamed Marine Drilling ASA and the bare-deck hull was renamed and used for building "MARINE 700" drilling rig.
In 2004 Odfjel and Odfjell Drilling created Odfjell Invest to order and operate further rigs. The company operates two semi-submersible rigs on behalf of Odfjell Drilling, with delivery in October 2008 and June 2010. The company is based in Hamilton, Bermuda. The company was listed at the Oslo Stock Exchange but was delisted in 2009.
The company has contracts for 23 fixed and mobile units in the North Sea and internationally. The company's new build programme includes two ultra deepwater and harsh environment drilling rigs and two ultra deepwater drillships. The ultra deepwater and harsh environment drilling rigs "Deepsea Atlantic" and "Deepsea Stavanger" were delivered from Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering in South Korea in 2009 and 2010, respectively. The drillship "Deepsea Metro I" was delivered by Hyundai Heavy Industries in June 2011. The second ultra deepwater drillship "Deepsea Metro II" will be delivered in Q4 2011.
Odfjell Drilling consists of three business units:
The company is present in 12 countries and operates in more than 20. Odfjell Drilling is located in Norway (Bergen, Stavanger, Stjørdal), UK (Aberdeen), the Netherlands, Romania Brazil, Tanzania, Angola, United Arab Emirates (Dubai, Abu Dhabi), Saudi Arabia, Turkmenistan, the Philippines and South Korea.

</doc>
<doc id="13897001" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13897001" title="Food Corporation of India">
Food Corporation of India

Food Corporation of India () was set up on 14 January 1965 having its first District Office at Thanjavur – rice bowl of Tamil Nadu – and headquarters at Delhi under the Food Corporations Act 1964 to implement the following objectives of the National Food Policy :
It is one of the largest corporations in India and probably the largest supply chain management in Asia (Second in world ) . It operates through 5 Zonal offices and 24 Regional offices. Each year, the Food Corporation of India purchases roughly 15 to 20 per cent of India's wheat output and 12 to 15 per cent of its rice output. The purchases are made from the farmers at the rates declared by the Govt. of India. This rate is called as MSP (Minimum Support Price). There is no limit for procurement in terms of volume, any quantity can be procured by FCI(Food Corporation of India) provided the stock satisfies FAQ (Fair Average Quality) specifications with respect to FCI.
Food Corporation of India operates through it Field Offices/District Offices which are headed by an Assistant general manager, designated as Area Manager. Assistant general manager (QC) is also posted who is looking after the QC work. Under Area Manager control there are Managers to deal with each and every section viz., sales, contracts,sl-tl, movement, establishment, quality control, operational accounts etc., who consolidate the field level operations and through the area managers' authorisation, they transmit the necessary information and periodical statements to regional offices of their respective regions. Regional offices are headed by a general manager, who is in most of the cases from Indian Revenue Service, Indian Administrative Service /All India Services under deputation. Under his control Deputy General Managers who are FCI's officers co-ordinate with daily operations through the Assistant General Managers who were posted in various sections to oversee the functions of district offices units of their particular section. All these officers appraise the general manager periodically on various issues pertaining to district offices of that particular region. FCI has been divided into 5 zones viz. North, South, East, West & North-East with a Zonal Office in each zone. Each zone is further divided into regions with a regional office in one region. All the Regional Offices are under the control of Zonal Offices which are headed by an Executive Director, who in most of the cases is from Indian Administrative Service or Indian Revenue Service under deputation. Under his control three or more than three General Managers co-ordinate with all Regional Offices of their particular zone through subordinate officers like Deputy General Managers and Assistant General Managers dealing with their allotted operational sections in their zone. All the Zonal Offices are under the control of Headquarters, located at New Delhi, which is headed by chairman and managing director, who is an Indian Administrative Officer of Secretary rank on Central Deputation. Headquarters instruct, communicate, consolidate and refine the voluminous information required for the streamlined execution of day-to-day operations and coordinates with Ministry of Food, Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution and Food Secretary and various sister corporations like Central Warehousing Corporation, Indian Railways in formulating food policy or amending the existing policy to suit the emerging challenges in managing Food Security scenario of the nation.
Food Corporation of India has the following categories of employees:
1 Category I: Assistant general manager, Deputy general manager, general manager, Executive Director
2 Category II: Manager
3 Category III: Assistant Grade-I, Assistant Grade-II, Assistant Grade-III
4 Category IV: Dusting Operator, Watchman, Picker etc.
All the Category I and Category II employees are recruited through a competitive exam and recruited employees are trained at Institute of Food Security, Gurgaon for a period of 6 months during which trainees are exposed to various field operations at District Offices and Food Storage Depots and are finally inducted as Managers/ Assistant General Managers and posted to the offices as per requirement. All the Category III officials are recruited either through Staff Selection Commission or through FCI's own competitive exam. Category III officials are trained at Zonal Training Institutes and Regional Offices where in-service training sessions are conducted at field offices after their recruitment.
The Food Corporation of India procures Rice and Wheat from farmers through many routes like Paddy purchase centres/Mill Levy/Custom Milling and stores them in depots.FCI maintains many types of depots like Food Storage Depots and Buffer Storage Complexes and Private Equity Godowns and also implemented latest storage methods of silo storage facilities which are located at hapur in UttarPradesh and Elavur in Tamil Nadu.The stocks are transported throughout India and issued to the State Government nominees at the rates declared by the Government of India for further distribution under the Public Distribution System (PDS) for the consumption of the ration card holders. (FCI itself does not directly distribute any stock under PDS, and its operations end at the exit of the stock from its depots). The difference between the purchase price and sale price, along with internal costs, are reimbursed by the Union Government in the form of food subsidy. At present the annual subsidy is around $10 billion. FCI by itself is not a decision-making authority; it does not decide anything about the MSP, imports or exports. It just implements the decisions made by the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution and Ministry of Agriculture.
Food Corporation of India recently ventured into procurement of pulses in various regions from the crop year 2015–16 and pulses are procured at market rate which is a sharp deviation from its traditional Minimum Support Price based procurement system.
In the year 2014, Government of India setup a High Level Committee under the Chairmanship of Hon'ble Member of Parliament and former Minister of Food and Consumer Affairs and Public Distribution Shri Shanthakumar to recommend viable solutions regarding restructuring and reorienting the role of Food Corporation of India and the committee submitted its report to the government and many of the committee recommendations are under various stages of implementation.

</doc>
<doc id="13897245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13897245" title="Domstein">
Domstein

Domstein is a Norwegian fishing company based in Måløy. The company is controlled by Rolf Domstein.
Through the division Domstein Fish AS the group has production facilities for white fish in Måløy as well as a partial ownership in Ultra Seafood Loppa. Products are exported to Europe.
The subsidiary Domstein Enghav AS with head office in Oslo produces frozen fish for the Nordic market branded as Enghav with plants in Vardø, Haugesund, Kungshamn and Lysekil.
Norway Pelagic ASA was founded in 2007 when Domstein Pelagic merged with Global Fish, Bernt Hansen, Bergen Fiskeindustri and Koralfisk. Production plants are located in Sommarøy, Bodø, Ålesund, Liavåg, Selje, Måløy, Kalvåg, Florø, Bergen and Karmøy.
The shipping section Ervik Havfiske that Domstein ownes 50% of operates twelve fishing boats that fish 11,000 tonnes annually based on auto line.

</doc>
<doc id="13897873" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13897873" title="Hugendubel">
Hugendubel

Hugendubel is, along with Thalia, one of two major book retailers in Germany. It was founded in 1893 by Heinrich Karl Gustav Hugendubel in Munich.
Heinrich Karl Gustav Hugendubel bought an already existing bookshop at the Salvatorplatz in Munich in 1893, thereby laying the foundation for a German limited partnership, GmbH & Co. KG. The firm was left to his son, Heinrich Hugendubel, in 1916 and then his son, Paul Hugendubel, in 1934. After Paul's death in 1943, his wife Anneliese Hugendubel, assumed control, acting as managing chief until 1964 when their son, Heinrich Hugendubel, opened the first branch in Munich. Heinrich Hugendubel II, led the enterprise to his death in 2005 and incorporated acting partners Ekkehard Lux, Thomas Nitz, Torsten Brunn, Nina Hugendubel and Maximilian Hugendubel.

</doc>
<doc id="13898713" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13898713" title="Ethan James (clothing)">
Ethan James (clothing)

Ethan James, is a small British fashion company (also known as a "label" or "house") with retail outlets online.
The company was founded in 2006 by Ethan Farrell, who currently holds the position of Head of Creative Design. The company has matured from a T-shirt company, to a Bespoke Clothing company, which also produces an annual Ready to Wear line.
The Ready to Wear Clothing and Accessories line (Titled : Royalty), is released September each year. Items include Clothing, Accessories and a small collection of Footwear.
Items from the Royalty Line are available from Private Sales Online to "VIP" Customers, and a small number of approved boutiques nationwide.
All items from the Royalty by Ethan James line are designed by Ethan Farrell, who is the Companies founder and current Head of Creative Design.
The first perfume (Embrace by Ethan James) was released in February 2008 and is a separate area of operations managed by Coty, Inc..
The fragrance will be available exclusively through the Ethan James Online store.
Selfridges, Oxford St began sales of Embrace by Ethan James on the 14th of February, and it remained available for 48 hours. For an unknown reason, the fragrance was removed, and has yet to reappear in the Store. Ethan James UK Ltd. has confirmed that the fragrance will no longer be sold at Selfridges stores, and will be available on the official website along with a handful of approved retail outlets.
In addition to Embrace, a men's fragrance has been announced and will released in the first half of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="13898769" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13898769" title="Oregon Steam Navigation Company">
Oregon Steam Navigation Company

The Oregon Steam Navigation Company (O.S.N.) was an American company incorporated in 1860 in Washington with partners J. S. Ruckle, Henry Olmstead, and J. O. Van Bergen. It was incorporated in Washington because of a lack of corporate laws in Oregon, though it paid Oregon taxes.
The company operated steamships between San Francisco and ports along the Columbia River at Astoria, Portland and The Dalles, serving the lumber and salmon fishing industries. A railroad was built to serve the steamship industry.
The company was incorporated on December 29, 1860, at Vancouver, Washington, with 22 shareholders. Principal shareholders included D. F. Bradford (one of the owners of the north bank portage railway at the Cascades), Jacob Kamm, Harrison Olmstead, Simeon G. Reed, R. R. Thompson, and steamboat captains John C. Ainsworth and L. W. Coe. The company then gained control over most of the boats on the Columbia and Snake rivers.
Timmen described the Oregon Steam Navigation Company as "the many-tentacled monopoly of river transportation."
From 1858 to 1863, the Oregon Portage Railroad operated 4.5 miles of track between Bonneville and Cascade. The railroad hauled primarily military and immigrant traffic. In 1862, the railroad was sold to the Oregon Railway and Navigation Company for $155,000.
Soon afterwards, the company acquired most of the steamboats on the Columbia and Snake Rivers. The Oregon Railway and Navigation Company purchased the Oregon Steam Navigation Company in 1879.
In 1862, river transport concerns not involved with the Oregon Steam Navigation Company formed the People's Transportation Company. The new competitor put the "E.D. Baker" on the lower Columbia, the "Iris" on the middle, and the "Kiyus" on the upper Cascades. These boats posed serious competition to the monopoly, so much so that in about 1864, the Oregon Steam Navigation Company paid its rival $10,000 a year to confine its operations to the Willamette River. Oregon Steam Navigation Company also picked up People's Transportation's boats "Iris" and "Kiyus", in exchange for three OSN boats on the Willamette River, "Onward", "Rival", and "Surprise".
Traffic increased in the early 1860s, so in 1863 and 1864, OSN added the "Nez Perce Chief", the "Webfoot", the "Owyhee" and the "Yakima", all built at Celilo on the upper Columbia, and the Mississippi-style side-wheeler "Oneonta" on the middle river. OSN also purchased the side-wheeler "New World" to work the lower Columbia. By 1878, OSN had added to its fleet the sternwheelers "Harvest Queen", "John Gates", "Spokane", "Annie Faxon", "Mountain Queen", "R.R. Thompson", and "Wide West".
Control of the portages was critical to control of the river. OSN controlled all the portages, including both the north and the south portage railways around the Cascades (which had once been in competition with each other) as well as a portage system that had been built around Celilo Falls by one Orlando Humason. In 1863, the company replaced the mule-drawn portage railway on the north side of the Cascades with a steam locomotive. The company also built a steam railway from the Dalles around Celilo Falls, which opened on April 23, 1863 and cost $1 million to build.
The People's Transportation Company was organized in 1862 to compete with the Oregon Steam Navigation Company. The company then began a rate war with the O.S.N. People's Transportation was so successful that O.S.N. bought them off with an agreement to pay them $10,000 a year for ten years if People's Transportation would restrict its operations to the Willamette River.

</doc>
<doc id="13899416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13899416" title="Horizon Technologies">
Horizon Technologies

Horizon Technologies, LLC is a defunct Arizona company that is responsible for sales and marketing of the Millennium Plus aftermarket vehicle tracking system. In 2005, the company was featured on the Discovery Channel show "It Takes a Thief". In 2007, Horizon Technologies was mentioned on forbesautos.com 
Horizon Technologies closed its doors in late February 2009, with no notice, leaving hundreds of independent sales representatives that paid the company thousands of dollars each for web sites and ongoing support without the sites or support.
Millennium Plus was an aftermarket vehicle tracking system that allows vehicles to be tracked with a computer and a web browser.
In 2006, it was featured on the Discovery Channel show "It Takes a Thief". In 2007, the product was mentioned on forbesautos.com 
Millennium Plus units can be installed in commercial trucks, cars, construction vehicles, and motorcycles. The company that sold and marketed the product, Horizon Technologies, is no longer in business.

</doc>
<doc id="13901870" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13901870" title="RMI Corporation">
RMI Corporation

RMI Corporation, formerly Raza Microelectronics, Inc., was a privately held fabless semiconductor company headquartered in Cupertino, California, which specialized in designing system-on-a-chip processors for computer networking (known as network processors) and consumer media applications. 
Saiyed Atiq Raza had founded NexGen, which was acquired by AMD in 1996. Raza was AMD's President and Chief Operating Officer in the late 1990s after the NexGen acquisition.
He left AMD in 1999 and founded Raza Microelectronics, Inc. in 2002.
In 2003, SandCraft Inc folded, and Raza acquired the rights to its intellectual property.
Behrooz Abdi became president and CEO in November 2007, and Raza Microelectronics changed its name to RMI Corporation in December 2007.
In January 2008 Raza settled with the US Securities and Exchange Commission over an allegation of insider trading during 2006.
RMI was not affiliated with Foundries Holdings, LLC, formerly known as Raza Foundries, Inc. 
In 2008, RMI merged with NetLogic Microsystems, which was acquired by Broadcom in 2012.
RMI had four product lines: three developed internally and one acquired.
The XLR (introduced circa 2005) was a multicore, multithreaded CPU used for network processing. XLR integrated circuits had 2 to 8 MIPS architecture CPU cores, each extended to support 4 hardware threads. XLR processors included HyperTransport, PCI-X, Gigabit Ethernet, and IEEE floating point unit per core and optionally 10 Gigabit Ethernet interconnects.
A 2.0 GHz clock rate for the XLP was announced in May 2009.
The XLS was a smaller, lower-cost multicore multithreading MIPS-based CPU used for network processing. The XLS family had options with 1 or 2 CPU cores, each with 4 hardware threads; 2 to 8 Gigabit Ethernet interfaces or two 10-gigabit Ethernet interfaces; and 1 or 2 PCI-Express interfaces.
The Alchemy processor was originally developed by Alchemy Semiconductor, which was then purchased by AMD. This product line was purchased by RMI in 2006. The Alchemy processor is a low-power MIPS architecture system-on-a-chip with integrated graphics and signal processing, designed for media players and portable video devices.
The Orion network interface chip was used to translate Gigabit Ethernet data traffic to synchronous optical networking (SONET/SDH) Optical Carrier OC-48 network links and back again, to connect local area networks with wide area network circuits.
RMI processors were used in router, firewall, and switch products sold by other networking equipment vendors, and consumer electronics manufacturers.

</doc>
<doc id="13902193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13902193" title="Coamix">
Coamix

Coamix Co., Ltd. is a Japanese manga and anime production company partnered with Tokuma Shoten. Its headquarters are in the in Kichijōji, Musashino, Tokyo.
The company was founded on June 4, 2000, by former "Weekly Shōnen Jump" editor-in-chief Nobuhiko Horie (who currently serves as the company's CEO), along with manga artists Tsukasa Hojo, Tetsuo Hara, and Ryuji Tsugihara, and voice actor Akira Kamiya, among others. The company published the manga anthology "Weekly Comic Bunch", as well as the collected editions of their titles under the Bunch Comics imprint, from 2001 to 2010. In 2010, "Monthly Comic Zenon" was established to replace "Bunch", and is currently under Coamix's responsibility.
Coamix was the parent company of the now-defunct North American manga publisher Gutsoon! Entertainment, which published "Raijin Comics". A Japanese language edition of "Raijin Comics" was published by Coamix in Japan.
In addition to comic production, Coamix and related companies are currently engaged in multiple of related business, such as cafe and dining at their headquarters in Kichijoji. There is also a facility in historical city of Kyoto in western Japan, which hosts 信長茶寮 (Shincho-sa-ryo), a theme based restaurant, devoted to the historical samurai hero Oda Nobunaga.
Since 2012, Coamix is organising "SILENT MANGA AUDITION", an open competition for Japanese style comics, without spoken dialogues. The organiser claims that utilising graphics only for story telling, is a great test and training for manga creative skills.
The winners of the event has made commercial debut on Japanese comic magazines, with some gaining future prospect for series production. The event is currently in its 5th round, as of 2016/1.

</doc>
<doc id="13904372" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13904372" title="Sozvezdie">
Sozvezdie

JSC Concern "Sozvezdie" (Russian for "Constellation") is the leading Russian developer and manufacturer of electronic warfare, radio communications, electronic countermeasures systems and equipment.
The organization is headquartered in Voronezh and was founded on July 29, 2004 by Decree of the Russian President. The concern has developed Russia's new multi functional electronical warfare weapon system which is labeled Borisoglebsk 2, but the manufacturing is made by another Russian company, United Instrument Manufacturing Corporation or simply "UIMC". Chief Designer at Sozvezdie is Mikhail Artemov.
JSC Concern Sozvezdie includes the following enterprises and scientific research institutes:

</doc>
<doc id="13905368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13905368" title="Teollisuuden Voima">
Teollisuuden Voima

Teollisuuden Voima Oyj (TVO; , ) is a Finnish nuclear power company owned by a consortium of power and industrial companies.
The biggest shareholders are Pohjolan Voima and Fortum. The company operates Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant, which consists of two BWRs (boiling water reactors), an EPR (European Pressurized Reactor) which is still under construction, and one half of a coal-fired power plant along with a wind farm.
The third reactor at Olkiluoto was expected to be ready in 2009, but last estimate is 2018. TVO has filed compensation claim for delays, and Areva-Siemens have counter-claimed against TVO. Arbitrators at the International Chamber of Commerce are considering the claims.
On 21 April 2010, the Government of Finland decided to grant a permit for construction of fourth reactor at Olkiluoto. The decision was approved by the Parliament on 1 July 2010. In 2014 this permit expired, and was not renewed by the government.
In January 2015 TVO announced plans to save around $17.7 million per year through 'efficiency-related structural changes' which are expected to cause up to 110 job cuts. The CEO of TVO, Jarmo Tanhua, explained the reasons as:
An October 2016 story in the "Süddeutsche Zeitung" reports that TVO is calling on Siemens to take financial responsibility for the completion of unit3 of the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant, because its project partner, the French Areva Group, is being broken up by the French government.

</doc>
<doc id="13907867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13907867" title="BAE Systems Military Air &amp; Information">
BAE Systems Military Air &amp; Information

BAE Systems Military Air & Information (MAI, formerly Military Air Solutions (MAS)) is a business unit of British defence company BAE Systems responsible for the design, development, manufacture and support of fixed wing military aircraft. MAI customers include the Royal Air Force, Royal Saudi Air Force, US Navy and Indian Air Force.
MAI was formed on 1 January 2011 through a merger of the Air Systems and CS&S Military Air Solutions & Support (MASS) business units. The unit through its products and operating bases encompasses nearly a hundred years of industrial history. MAI direct ancestors include the English Electric Company, De Havilland, British Aircraft Corporation, Avro, Blackburn Aircraft, Hawker Siddeley and the Bristol Aeroplane Company.
Some of the products that have been produced by MAI's predecessors include the Avro Vulcan, English Electric Lightning, Hawker Hunter, English Electric Canberra, Blackburn Buccaneer and the ill-fated TSR-2. In recognition a Lightning fighter and Canberra bomber serve as gate guardians at MAI's Samlesbury site where both were manufactured.
The firm also has a major presence on many RAF stations; notably RAF Coningsby and RAF Marham.

</doc>
<doc id="13908414" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13908414" title="Fara (company)">
Fara (company)

FARA ASA FARA is a supplier of IT to the public transport sector and sells electronic ticketing and real-time information systems such as Fleet Management, Traffic Management, Passenger Information and Infotainment Systems.
FARA’s history dates back to 1983, when Nera Mobildata AS, a Norwegian supplier of ticketing systems for ferry companies, was awarded the first AFC contract in the county of Sør-Trøndelag, Norway. In 1999, Q-Free ASA acquired Nera's ticketing business. 15 December 2005 FARA ASA was formally established when Q-Free divested itself of its ticketing business.
Through the acquisition of the Danish company TNC Connect A/S and the Finnish company Buscom OY in 2007, FARA gained access to complimentary technology and additional distribution in the Nordic countries. With the acquisition of the largest electronic ticketing vendor in Sweden, CPT Nordic AB, in 2008.
In addition to project deliveries, FARA has been participating in the work with the Norwegian national smartcard specifications (NSD – Nordic Specification DESFire).
FARA has 80 employees in five locations and representatives across Europe. The corporate headquarters are based in Trondheim, Norway, home to Norway's most important university for technology and science, NTNU.

</doc>
<doc id="13910137" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13910137" title="Davisco Foods International">
Davisco Foods International

Davisco Foods is a company mainly concerned with dairy products headquartered in Le Sueur, Minnesota. The company markets such brands as BiPRO and BioZate. They also own Cambria, the sole producer of quartz work surfaces in the U.S.
In 2014, Davisco was acquired by the Canadian cooperative Agropur.
Davisco Foods International, Inc. is a cheese and food ingredient company based in Le Sueur, Minnesota, USA. It began in 1943 when founder Stanley Davis purchased the St. Peter Creamery of St. Peter, Minnesota. The company has since expanded to include plants in Minnesota, Idaho, and South Dakota, as well as sales offices in Minneapolis, Geneva, Shanghai and strategic partners in the Middle East, Japan, and Africa.
Davisco Foods International was managed until 2012 by Stanley’s son, Mark Davis. Mark's son, Jon Davis, was appointed CEO from January 1, 2012.
1943–1953
On August 1, 1943, Stanley Davis decided to buy the St. Peter Creamery, a dairy company located in his hometown of St. Peter, Minnesota. Harvey Parson, Davis’s former teacher, was a partner in the creamery for six months, as was Eiler Grand after that. When Parsons and Grand left to start their own companies elsewhere, Davis became the sole owner of the company.
In 1944, World War II brought a sudden change to the dairy markets; the government wanted skim milk to ship overseas and began rationing butter. Demand and prices for dairy products were high during this time, permanently changing both the market and the business model of St. Peter Creamery.
1953–1963
When prices began to drop during the 1950s, the St. Peter Creamery faced many challenges. In order to continue running the company, Stan Davis decided to purchase a dryer. In 1959, Stan Davis’s son Mark began working for the company as a driver for the new bulk milk pickup route.
1963–1973
The dryer installed in 1956 made it possible for the St. Peter Creamery to service increasingly large milk routes by the early 1960s. Eventually, St. Peter was servicing the Bernadotte, Blue Earth, Cleveland, Mankato, Nicollet, Pemberton, and St. Clair routes.
The largest consolidation came in 1969 when Stan Davis and Allen Cords, former classmates in dairy school at the University of Minnesota, decided to combine the milk supplies of the St. Peter Creamery and the Le Sueur Cheese Company. Stan Davis, Mark Davis, and Allen Cords each owned one-third of the new business, and Mark Davis became the manager of Le Sueur Cheese.
In 1970, the cheese plant in Le Sueur was expanded and another partnership was established with Glen Anderson, a former employee. This led to the company taking ownership of another dryer, this time at a plant in Nicollet, Minnesota.
1973–1983
In 1973, a unique partnership was formed with Fromagerie Bongrain (USA) Inc., a subsidiary of Bongrain-Gerard, S.A., based in Guyancourt, France. The company researched several United States locations and chose Le Sueur as the site for production of its Camembert and Brie cheeses. For eight years the American and French cheese plants operated side by side in the Le Sueur Cheese building, until finally the value of international currency made the venture unprofitable.
During the 1970s, the St. Peter Creamery ended butter production and stopped taking milk from farmers. Its capacity as a specialty drying plant tripled when a used spray dryer was rebuilt and installed in 1978, making necessary new warehouse and powder storage facilities in 1981. Another dryer was also added at the Nicollet plant.
1983–1993
In December 1983, Stan Davis purchased a creamery in Lake Norden, South Dakota. It was a move that turned the business away from traditional ideas of profit in the dairy industry; the Lake Norden plant would collect no milk, gaining its profits solely from whey collected from the surrounding cheese plants. The Lake Norden site was immediately expanded to include an additional spray dryer and space for liquid and dry storage.
In 1986, the three Davis companies - St. Peter Creamery, Inc.; Le Sueur Cheese Company, Inc.; and Nicollet Food Products, Inc. - merged to form Davisco Foods International, Inc. This move unified the company, which now had plants in four locations. Shortly after, all four of Stan Davis’s sons entered the family business.
In 1991, Davisco Foods International acquired the Welsh company that it was tied to in the production of BiPro, its whey protein isolate. During the same year, Mark Davis decided to build a cheese plant in Jerome, Idaho, because there was a good milk supply in need of a processing plant.
In 1993, the company decided to move the old St. Peter Creamery, now a part of Davisco’s Food Ingredient Division, to Le Sueur, Minnesota. The new plant was designed to handle the increased volume and diversity demanded by a quickly changing food industry.
1993–2003
The 1990s brought rapid change to Davisco Foods International. BiPro, the whey protein isolate responsible for increased company profits in the 1980s, found new applications in the consumer market.
In 1994, the fully automated cheese plant in Jerome received honors as Food Engineering Magazine’s New Plant of the Year.
In 1995, Pauline Olson joined Davisco Food International’s management team as the Director of Sales and Marketing. Also during this time, the company hired new sales personnel and full-time applications scientists.
In 1998, Jerome Cheese Company was selected as the prime site for the construction of a new whey processing facility. The operation became the only commercial whey fractionating plant in the United States to use chromatography methods. The addition of an automated cheddaring system later in 1998 increased plant capacity.
As the company grew and the need for sales and marketing resources increased, Davisco Foods International moved its original Le Sueur sales headquarters to Eden Prairie, Minnesota. The company later added sales offices in Mexico City, Mexico, and Geneva, Switzerland.
2003–Present
During the 2000s, Davisco Foods International launched a consumer line of whey protein products, beginning with the sales of BiPro whey protein isolate in March 2004. At the end of 2006, the company began sales of two additional consumer products, BioZate (a hydrolyzed whey protein isolate supplement) and BioZzz (alpha-lactalbumin). Davisco Foods International, Inc. announced the appointment of Jon Davis as President and Chief Executive Officer effective January 1, 2012.
Arnold Classic, Twin Cities Marathon
BiPro unflavored whey protein isolate supplement
BioZate hydrolyzed whey protein supplement
BioZzz alpha-lactalbumin

</doc>
<doc id="13912076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13912076" title="ErgoGroup">
ErgoGroup

ErgoGroup was a Nordic information technology corporation, systems integrator and consulting company headquartered in Oslo, Norway. The company provided services for IT operations, business solutions, outsourcing, infrastructure and consulting. ErgoGroup had a total of 90 offices and regional branches throughout Norway, Sweden and Finland, and was a subsidiary of Posten Norge, the Norwegian Postal Service. It was the second largest ICT operations company in Norway. The company also held partial ownership in SYSteam, TransWare, Gecko, Eiendomsverdi, Buypass, Eye-Share and Bekk Consulting. ErgoGroup merged with EDB Business Partner in 2010, creating EVRY.
ErgoGroup organised its services in Norway into five business areas: IT Operations, Solutions, Regional Services, the Nordic countries|Nordic Region and Bekk Consulting. IT Operations work primarily with outsourcing contracts aimed at the key account market. This business area also had responsibility for ErgoGroup's communications services, and developed basic operating solutions that were used by all of ErgoGroup's business areas. Other areas covered by IT Operations were cloud computing and software as a service (SaaS), network solutions, virtualisation, security and IT surveillance.
The second business area, Solutions, delivered software solutions, services and business sector solutions that streamlined selected work processes within the public and private sectors. Examples of areas of specialisation were: finance and corporate performance management, portal, case and document handling, business consultancy and process optimisation, development, architecture and integration, electronic transactions, and information databases.
Regional Services covered ErgoGroup's smaller businesses and businesses outside the main cities and regional centres. This area covered IT infrastructure, electronic collaboration, unified communications, portals, enterprise content management, enterprise resource planning, Customer Relationship Management, mobile solutions, service-oriented architecture (SOA) and IT infrastructure library.
In 2007 ErgoGroup bought Bekk Consulting, a Norwegian consultancy company in which ErgoGroup then had 75 per cent ownership shares and options to purchase the remaining 25 per cent within three years. Bekk Consulting supplied consultancy, development and management services in the following areas: process and organisational development, modernisation of professional systems, portal and self-service solutions and customised business applications.
The company was founded as the government agency Statens Driftssentral for administrativ databehandling in 1972 to perform operational services related to IT operation. In 1985 it was made a limited company and renamed Statens Datasentral AS, owned by the Norwegian Ministry of Government Administration. It bought TF Data in 1989, Oslo Data in 1991 and Statdata in 1993. The postal service bought the company in 1995, changing its name to Posten SDS. It was renamed to Ergogroup in 2001. In 2005 the company bought the outsourcing division of Ementor and in 2006 Nor-Cargo Data, AddIQ, Fujitsu Services Norway, SYSteam (at NOK 1.1 billion) and Allianse (at NOK 900 million). In 2007 it bought 75 per cent of Bekk Consulting.
Due to an increased customer base and enhanced value creation, ErgoGroup has experienced a steady and organic growth in recent years. The ICT industry as a whole is in a process of consolidation, due partly to market demands for increased professionalism on the part of suppliers. ErgoGroup has been an active participant in this development and has consolidated its core activities through strategic acquisitions.
In May 2010, Telenor owned EDB Business Partner, who announced that it was in strategic discussions with ErgoGroup, which later lead to a merger between Norway's two biggest IT companies.
The announcement of merging between EDB Business Partner and ErgoGroup was official by June 7, 2010
ErgoGroup organized an annual two-day IT conference called IT-tinget.

</doc>
<doc id="13913540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13913540" title="First Bank and Trust">
First Bank and Trust

Founded in 1991, First Bank and Trust is a New Orleans-based independent bank with branch locations across the Gulf Coast.
The main office is located in Downtown New Orleans inside the First Bank and Trust Tower
First Bank and Trust has branches located in Louisiana in New Orleans, Metairie, Algiers, Kenner, Harahan, Covington, Harvey, Baton Rouge, Amite, Greensburg, Hammond, and Lafayette. Additionally, First Bank and Trust serves Mississippi with branches in Biloxi and Gulftport. Home mortgage offices (FBT Mortgage, LLC), covering southeast Louisiana.
First Bank and Trust's parent company, First Trust Corporation, also holds affiliated subsidiaries FBT Investments, FBT Advisors and First Insurance Agency.
First Bank and Trust is state chartered and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation-insured with approximately $925 million in assets.
The company’s logo is based on the Delta symbol that represented “change” and “strength” during ancient times. In New Orleans, the shape symbolizes the Mississippi River delta region that the bank serves.

</doc>
<doc id="13915252" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13915252" title="Nor-Cargo">
Nor-Cargo

Nor-Cargo AS is a Norwegian cargo transport and logistics company and subsidiary of 
Posten Norge, the Norwegian Postal Service. It operates road, water and air transport. The company operates through 32 Terminals with 1,000 long-distance and 600 distribution trucks. In addition, the division Nor-Cargo Thermo operates 500 temperature-controlled trucks.
The predecessor of Nor-Cargo was established in 1967 when Be-No-Ve samseilingen was established by Bergenske Dampskibsselskab, Nordenfjeldske Dampskibsselskab and Vesteraalske Dampskibsselskab. Four years later Ofotens Dampskibsselskab, Narvik Dampskibsselskab and Nordlandske Dampskibsselskab also joined. This was a cooperation between the shipping companies. In 1979 this was taken one step further when Nordsjørederiet Nor-Cargo A/S was founded. 
By 1985 this company was operating 16 short sea vessels through the company K/S Nord-Poolen. In 1988 the company RoNoTro A/S was established, and it purchased Bergenske, including the shipping companies K/S Nor-Cargo, Nordenfjeldske, the road transport companies Norske Godslinjer and the thermal transport company Sties Termo-Transport and the air cargo company NECAS, from Kosmos. By 1993 these companies had merged to one. The company continues to purchase a number of transport companies throughout the country, including many Nor-Cargo branded transport companies. In 1999 the company was renamed Nor-Cargo ASA before getting its present name in 2004 when it is purchased entirely by Posten from the previous owners Det Stavangerske Dampskibsselskap and Ofotens og Vesteraalens Dampskibsselskab. In 2005 Nor-Cargo also bought the road company HSD Transport.
In 2006 Nor-Cargo strengthened their position on the European continent by buying Scanex in Zwijndrecht, the Netherlands. 
Scanex had been functioning as agent for Nor-Cargo since 1989.
Nor-Cargo opened office in Houston, Texas in 2007 under President Sten Svendsen.

</doc>
<doc id="13915948" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13915948" title="Aalberts Industries">
Aalberts Industries

Aalberts Industries N.V. is a Dutch public company, founded by Jan Aalberts in 1975. 
The group consists of four businesses: Building Installations, Climate Control, Industrial Controls and Industrial Services.
Building Installations produces and sells complete piping systems and valves to distribute and control water or gas in heating, cooling, (drinking) water, gas and sprinkler installations in residential, commercial and industrial buildings. The business focuses on installers, contractors and wholesalers.
Climate Control develops and produces complete hydronic systems-from source to emitter- for heating and cooling systems. The systems are designed for residential, commercial and industrial buildings, both new build and renovation. The business focuses on building owners, specifying institutes and project developers.
Industrial Controls develops and produces regulation and control systems and high-end custom made products for selected niche markets (i.a. semiconductor, oil & gas and district energy, beer & soft drink). The business focuses on engineers and (worldwide) Key Accounts.
Industrial Services offers a combination of advanced material know-how, production expertise and high-grade local services for specific end markets (i.a. automotive, machine build, turbine & aerospace and industry). A worldwide production and service network of more than 80 locations handles and improves the material properties of customer products. The business focuses on regional customers, engineers and (global) Key Accounts.
Aalberts Industries became public in 1987, with an annual revenue of 22 million Euro.
In 2006, Aalberts Industries acquired Comap S.A. of France, Pemag S.A. of Spain and Holmgrens Försäljnings A.B. of Sweden. All these companies now create products for the Flow control group.
Other acquired companies over the last years include KAN Sp. of Poland, the French division of Thomson Genlis S.A., Eloxal-Werk-Burg of Germany and Lasco Fittings Inc. of the USA. Most recently, it has acquired Conbraco Industries, producer of Apollo Valves, in June 2010. and Ventrex Automotive (09/2015).

</doc>
<doc id="13919979" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13919979" title="ZAPiT Games">
ZAPiT Games

ZAPiT Games, Inc. was a company based in Mississauga, Canada. It was formed in 2003 to create a family oriented video game console. To that goal, it partnered with companies such as National Semiconductor, Panasonic and Altera to create the Game Wave Family Entertainment System.
ZAPiT Games also produces games for the BlackBerry and iPhone.
The Game Wave Family Entertainment System is hybrid DVD player and video game console of the seventh generation of video game consoles and was first released on October 2005. The games on the system are trivia based or video variants of traditional board or card games.

</doc>
<doc id="13922482" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13922482" title="Toolstation">
Toolstation

Toolstation Ltd is a large UK and EU direct sale and online supplier of trade tools, accessories and hardware products.
The company's head office and main distribution centre is in Bridgwater, Somerset where it is a major employer for the area. This is supplemented by 240+ branches across the UK and large stock warehouses in Redditch, Daventry and Bridgwater. There is also an operation in the Netherlands with direct-mail facilities and 8 branches, and a growing customer base in France.
Toolstation was formed in 2003 by Mark Goddard-Watts four years after the Goddard-Watts family had sold Screwfix in 1999 to the Kingfisher plc group.
On Monday 7 April 2008, it was announced that Travis Perkins plc had bought a 30% share in Toolstation. Travis Perkins invested in Toolstation and supported an accelerated roll-out of new branches. The Toolstation property portfolio grew from 12 to 123 stores by the end of 2012.
On Tuesday 3 January 2012, Mark Goddard-Watts and his family sold their remaining 70% stake in the business to Travis Perkins plc, making Toolstation a wholly owned subsidiary of Travis Perkins plc.
The company currently sponsors the Western Football League (which is also known as the Toolstation League), the Northern Counties East Football League and the RNLI Flood Rescue Team.

</doc>
<doc id="13923213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13923213" title="Autogrill">
Autogrill

Autogrill is an Italian-based, multinational catering company, which is controlled with a 50.1% stake by the Edizione Holding investment vehicle of the Benetton family. Autogrill runs operations in 40 different countries, primarily in Europe and North America, with over 250 licensed and proprietary brands. Over 90% of the company's business derives from outlets in airport terminals and motorway service areas.
Autogrill was founded in 1977 when SME, a division of Italian state-owned conglomerate Istituto per la Ricostruzione Industriale (IRI), purchased then merged Italian restaurant groups Motta, Pavesi and Alemagna. Pavesi had begun to operate a service area on the Milan-Novara motorway in 1947, replacing it with a bridge structure accessible by travellers in both directions fifteen years later. Having grown both domestically and through foreign acquisitions, Autogrill was privatised by the Italian Government in 1995 as IRI shed its food and beverage businesses. Edizione Holding, the financial holding company of the Benetton family, acquired a controlling stake through the process.
Edizione floated the company on the Milan Stock Exchange in 1997, sparking a series of acquisitions in overseas markets: by the end of 1998, Autogrill had secured full control of French operator Sogerba (previously owned by Granada Group); AC Restaurants and Hotels of Benelux as well as 14 branches of the Wienerwald chain in Austria and Germany. 
In July 1999 the group made its first entry into both the United States and airport concession markets by acquiring "Host Marriott Services", which was then renamed HMSHost. Other major acquisitions by the group included the Swiss firm Passaggio (completed in 2001), 70% of high-speed train station operator Receco in 2002, Spanish-based airport duty-free retailer "Aldeasa" in 2005 (50-50 with Altadis) and Belgium's Carestel (completed in 2007). Autogrill acquired the remaining 50% in "Aldeasa" for complete control in 2008. It also purchased "Alpha Group" and "World Duty Free Europe" in 2008 and merged them with "Aldeasa" in 2011 to create World Duty Free Group, a super-retailer at Airports. In 2010, it had €785 million in sales in the United Kingdom and €494 million in sales in Spain.
On 6 June 2013, Autogrill approved the project of proportional partial demerger whereby Autogrill S.p.A. transferred the Travel Retail and Duty Free business to its wholly owned subsidiary World Duty Free S.p.A. (parent company of World Duty Free Group), the beneficiary, by assigning to the latter the entire shareholding in the Group’s Travel Retail and Duty Free business.
On 1 October 2013, World Duty Free has listed on the Borsa Italia in Milan, marking the culmination of the demerger process from parent group Autogrill.

</doc>
<doc id="13923582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13923582" title="Port City Java">
Port City Java

Port City Java is a coffeehouse franchisor based in Wilmington, North Carolina. Founded in 1995, it has over 30 cafes in the United States, and two cafes in foreign countries. The company was named #31 in "Entrepreneur Magazine"s Top 50 New Franchises.

</doc>
<doc id="13925271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13925271" title="Demetech">
Demetech

DemeTECH is a surgical/medical device company located in Miami, Florida, United States.
DemeTECH specializes in the development and manufacture of surgical sutures and other products used in the wound closure and surgery.

</doc>
<doc id="13926512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13926512" title="VELUX">
VELUX

VELUX is a Danish company that specializes in roof windows and skylights. The first VELUX roof window was installed in a Danish school over 75 years ago by the founder of the company, Villum Kann Rasmussen. The company has been steadily growing since, entering the German market in 1952 in a partnership with Ernst Günter Albers and then later between the sons, Lars Kann-Rasmussen and Peter Albers
In addition, VELUX offers many types of decoration and sun screening, roller shutters, installation products, products for remote control and thermal solar panels for installation in roofs. VELUX has manufacturing companies in 10 countries and sales companies in just under 40 countries.
The VELUX Group has around 10,000 employees and is run by VKR Holding A/S, a limited company wholly owned by foundations and family.
The company currently sponsors the VELUX 5 Oceans Race and the EHF Champions League.
In 2005, VELUX was selected as the top brand in the Windows: Skylights/Roof category by the Builder magazine. 

</doc>
<doc id="13928808" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13928808" title="Sensory Sweep Studios">
Sensory Sweep Studios

Sensory Sweep Studios was an American developer of computer and video games. The studio was located in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Founded in 2003 by Dave Rushton, Sensory Sweep was initially a handheld studio, developing games for the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and PSP. Later, Sensory Sweep added console titles to their résumé, releasing games for the PC, Wii, PlayStation 2, and Xbox 360.
Sensory Sweep released many games from notable franchises, including Justice League Heroes, , Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2005, as well as the up-and-coming Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends: Imagination Invaders, Alvin and the Chipmunks, and Jackass: The Game. Additionally, Sensory Sweep's release of Street Fighter II: Hyper Fighting was, at the time of its release, the fastest selling Xbox Live Arcade title to date.
On January 14, 2009, Sensory Sweep and Dave Rushton ("founder and president of Sensory Sweep") were named as co-defendants in a wage claim lawsuit filed in Utah District Court by the United States Department of Labor. The filing claimed employees are owed over $2 million in wages in a violation against the Fair Labor Standards Act. The lawsuit was resolved in October 2012 when Rushton was jailed for 12 months and ordered to pay $1.2 million. It was the first criminal prosecution for non-payment of wages in Utah.
On December 15, 2010 Rushton pleaded guilty to one third-degree felony count of failing to pay taxes and one second-degree felony count of engaging in a pattern of unlawful activity. He was sentenced to six months in jail for tax fraud and racketeering, and ordered to pay $516,816 in restitution. He also received 72 months probation during which he is forbidden from handling money for other people.

</doc>
<doc id="13929314" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13929314" title="Ubisoft Milan">
Ubisoft Milan

Ubisoft Milan is an Italian videogame development studio, operated by publisher company Ubisoft, which is located in Buccinasco, Milan, Italy.
The studio opened its doors in 2001 and employs at present 65 people. Formerly known as Ubisoft Italy, it was later changed to Ubisoft Milan. It focuses on porting games to the current generation of consoles and handhelds, and mainly develops video games such as the series of "Rayman, Just Dance, Rabbids, Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six" and "Assassin's Creed".

</doc>
<doc id="13930090" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13930090" title="Bemis Manufacturing Company">
Bemis Manufacturing Company

The Bemis Manufacturing Company is an American manufacturing company based in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin and is best known for its toilet seat products. Bemis also manufactures plastic lawn, commercial, and indoor furniture, suction canisters, sharps containers, fluid management systems, gas caps, gauges and various contracted extrusion and injection molded plastic parts for companies such as John Deere and Whirlpool Corporation. The company is a pioneer of co-injection molding, a process in which virgin resin is injected with scrap plastic. Bemis' plastic work has won a number of awards in the SPI Structural Plastics Div. design competition, particularly with the John Deere 7000 tractor, which is believed to represent the first instance of coinjection molding "to large parts where a recycled engineering material (ABS) is used in the core".
In 1901, Arthur White incorporated White Wagon Works in Sheboygan Falls, Wisconsin, the precursor to Bemis that produced children's wooden wagons with a patented steering device.
In the early 1920s, Al Bemis, with partner George Riddel, bought the majority of shares of White Wagon works and by 1928, Al Bemis took controlling interest in their shared company.
In 1932, Bemis started producing toilet seats. By 1935, they started making seats for nearby Kohler Company.
Since then, Bemis has continued improving their molded wood toilet seat production process and has become an industry leader in plastics manufacturing for toilet seats, custom and other plastics products.
Bemis CEO and part-owner Peter Bemis [deceased: 10/9/2013] was inducted into the Plastics Hall of Fame on June 19, 2006 for innovative techniques for co-injection and other advance molding processes.
Bemis is a part of the University of Wisconsin–Madison School of Business: Family Business Center.
Bemis Manufacturing Company is best known for its toilet seat products. Toilet seats can be found around the world under the Bemis, Church, Mayfair, Westport and Olsonite brands. While Olsonite is found primarily in wholesale markets, Mayfair and Westport are found in retail stores such as Ace Hardware, Bed Bath & Beyond, Meijer and Do-It Best. Bemis and Church branded seats can be found in both wholesale markets and in retailers such as Home Depot, Lowe's and home improvement retailers in the UK including Homebase. Bemis also produces bathroom accessories in Europe under the Carrara & Matta brand.
Bemis produces custom plastics products for customers in a variety of industries. Some industries include commercial furniture, agricultural equipment, appliances, yard care, retail facility and industrial products. Using technologies such as co-injection molding and extrusion, Bemis works with business partners to design and produce their products.
Since 1971, Bemis has produced various health care products to help health care professionals dispose of medical wastes. These products include sharps containers, suction canisters and liners, and a draining system for safe liquid management.
Other products include plastic fuel caps, gauges and tank accessories, produced under the Kelch brand.

</doc>
<doc id="13930521" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13930521" title="Mpower Pictures">
Mpower Pictures

Mpower Pictures is the production company of David Segel, Stephen McEveety, John Shepherd (actor), and Todd Matthew Burns.
Mpower Pictures was launched with "Bella" (2006), winner of the Toronto Film Festival People's Choice Award, produced in association with Metanoia Films.
Since then, Mpower Pictures has produced a number of award-winning features for theatrical distribution including "An American Carol", "The Stoning of Soraya M." and "Snowmen".
Mpower Pictures has been actively developing and producing film content for theatrical distribution since 2007 as well as television content since early 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="13930859" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13930859" title="InsideView">
InsideView

InsideView is a software as a service (SaaS) company that gleans insights and relationships from business information, contact data, online news, and social media and customer CRM data. Founded in 2005, InsideView is mainly used by marketing, sales, and account management teams in identifying and gathering information on customers.
InsideView was founded in 2005 by Umberto Milletti, a former executive and co-founder at DigitalThink, an early Web-based corporate training company. In November 2007, the company acquired competitor TrueAdvantage. After the acquisition, InsideView moved all 2,500 TrueAdvantage customers over to its solution.
InsideView's core product is called InsideView for Sales. The company introduced InsideView for Account Management in 2012 and InsideView for Marketing in 2013. InsideView solutions are available as stand-alone web applications as well as integrated with CRM systems like Microsoft Dynamics CRM, NetSuite, Oracle CRM, Salesforce.com, SAP CRM, SugarCRM.
On October 21, 2013, InsideView announced that it has entered into a strategic OEM agreement with Microsoft whereby InsideView for Sales™ will be integrated into Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online. Through the agreement, InsideView for Sales will be available to all users of Microsoft Dynamics CRM Online, and will be known as Social Insights, powered by InsideView.
InsideView also has a native integration with SAP CEC CRM (C4C)
InsideView's competitors include services such as ZoomInfo, Owler, Unomy, Lead411, Data.com, BizProspex, RainKing, DiscoverOrg, RelPro, LinkedIn, Hoovers, Dun & Bradstreet, Lattice engines and Infogroup.

</doc>
<doc id="13931621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13931621" title="Stream Processors, Inc">
Stream Processors, Inc

Stream Processors, Inc was a Silicon Valley-based fabless semiconductor company specializing in the design and manufacture of high-performance digital signal processors for applications including video surveillance, multi-function printers and video conferencing. The company ceased operations in 2009.
Foundational work in stream processing was initiated in
1995 by a research team led by MIT professor Bill Dally. In 1996, he moved to Stanford University where he continued this work, receiving a multimillion-dollar
grant from DARPA with additional resources from Intel and
Texas Instruments to fund the development of a project called "Imagine"
- the first stream processor chip and accompanying compiler tools.
The goal of the Imagine project was to develop a
C programmable signal and image processor intended to provide both the performance density and efficiency of a 
special-purpose processor (such as a hard-wired ASIC). The project successfully demonstrated the advantages of stream processing. Details on the Imagine project and its results are posted 
on the Stanford Imagine project page. The work also showed that a number of applications
ranging from wireless baseband processing, 3D graphics, encryption, IP
forwarding to video processing could take advantage of the efficiency of stream processing. This research inspired other
designs such as GPUs from ATI Technologies as well as the Cell microprocessor from Sony, Toshiba, and IBM.
The main deliverables from the Imagine program included: 
Dally, together with other team members, obtained a license from Stanford to commercialize the
resulting technology. Stream Processors, Incorporated (SPI) was incorporated in
California in 2004. Professor Dally remained at Stanford and the company
hired industry veteran Chip Stearns to become the President and CEO in December of that
year. Through June, 2006 SPI has been able to raise a total of $26M from a trio of notable venture capital firms - Austin Ventures, Norwest Venture Partners and the Woodside Fund.
The company launched its first two products concurrently with the International Solid State
Circuits Conference (ISSCC) in February, 2006 and 
has introduced two others since.
SPI has headquarters located in Sunnyvale, California as well as a software development group (SPI Software Technologies Pvt. Ltd) located in Bangalore, India.
In January 2009 Co-Founder Prof. Bill Dally accepted a position as Chief Scientist with NVIDIA Corporation. At the same time he
resigned as chairman. In an interview Dally reflected on his experiences with startups:
" I have done several chip startups myself. It’s getting hard. The ante is very high. If you do a chip startup, you need patient investors with very deep pockets. It’s many tens of millions of dollars to get to a first product and $50 million to get to profits. That’s very difficult to do because investors want an exit some multiple over that investment. I am hoping we return to the days of frequent IPOs and get beyond the fire-sale acquisitions. That’s not what you can see right now. If it’s a programmable chip, the cost is even more."
In the summer of 2009 CEO Stearns left the company and was replaced by Mike Fister, an executive with senior level experience at Cadence Design Systems and Intel.
In September 2009 the company ceased operations.
Similar to graphics and scientific computing, media and signal processing
are characterized by available data-parallelism, locality and a high computation
to global memory access ratio. Stream processing exploits these
characteristics using data-parallel processing fed by a distributed memory
hierarchy managed by the compiler. The main challenge for next generation massively parallel processors is data bandwidth, not computational resources. Unlike most conventional processors, the technology does not rely on a hardware cache - instead data movement is explicitly managed by the compiler and hardware.
The execution model is based on accelerating performance-critical functions (kernels) that process and
produce data records (streams). Kernels and streams are scheduled at compile-time and moved to on-chip memory at runtime via a scoreboard. The compiler analyses data live times
of streams to optimize allocation and minimize external memory bandwidth needs.
Streams and kernels loads can overlap with execution to improve latency
tolerance and the explicit data movement provides predictable performance. There
are no CPU cache misses and the design presents a single-core model to the
programmer – data-parallelism is within the kernels.
The architecture includes a host CPU (System MIPS) for system-level tasks and a
DSP Coprocessor Subsystem where the DSP MIPS runs the main threads that make
kernel function calls to the Data Parallel Unit (DPU). For users that use
libraries, and don’t intend to develop DSP code, the architecture is a
MIPS-based system-on-a-chip with an API to a “black box”
coprocessor. The DPU Dispatcher receives kernel function calls to manage
runtime kernel and stream loads. One kernel at a time is executed across the
lanes, operating on local stream data stored in the Lane Register File of each lane. Each
lane has a set of VLIW ALUs and distributed operand register files (ORF)
allow for a large working data set and processing bandwidth exceeding 1 TeraByte/s. The Stream
Load/Store Unit provides gather/scatter with a wide variety of access patterns.
The InterLane Switch is a compiler-scheduled, full crossbar for high-speed
access between lanes.
SPI’s RapiDev Tools Suite leverages the
predictability of stream processing to provide a fast path to optimized
results using C programming. Starting with C reference code, the Fast
Functional Debugger (FFD) library plugs into standard tools, such as Microsoft
Visual Studio and GNU, and simulates the DPU to support re-structuring code to
kernels and streams. Because kernels are statically scheduled and data movement
is explicit, DPU cycle-accuracy can be obtained even at this functional high
level. This is one source of the predictability of the architecture. For
targeting code to the device, the Stream Processor Compiler (SPC) generates the
VLIW executable and pre-processed C code that is compiled/linked via standard
GCC for MIPS. SPC allocates streams in the Lane Register Files and provides
dependency information for the kernel function calls. Software pipelining and
loop unrolling are supported. Branch penalties are avoided by predicated selects
and larger conditionals use conditional streams. Running under Eclipse, the
Target Code Simulator provides comprehensive Host or Device binary code
simulation with breakpoint and single-stepping capabilities with bandwidth and
load statistics. A kernel view shows the VLIW pipeline for kernel optimizations,
and a stream view shows kernel execution and stream loads to review global data
movement for system profiling.
SPI currently markets its Storm-1 family, that includes four fully software programmable DSPs of varying performance levels.
Note: GMACS stands for Giga (billions of) Multiply-Accumulate operations per Second, a common measure of DSP
performance.

</doc>
<doc id="13933489" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13933489" title="Randall Made Knives">
Randall Made Knives

Randall Made Knives, usually referred to as Randall, is an American custom handcrafted knife manufacturer founded by Walter Doane "Bo" Randall, Jr. in the U.S. The factory and showroom is located in Orlando, Florida. Randall began making knives as a hobby in 1937. His son and grandson continue the family trade along with 20 craftsmen producing about 8,000 knives per year out of a shop on the South Orange Blossom Trail.
Randall offers 28 models of knives for different applications, each customizable at the factory based on customer specification. Randall hand forges nearly all models of knives instead of factory stamping, one of few manufacturers to do so. Randall uses a 17-step process for making knives, which usually takes over 8 hours to complete. The waiting list for obtaining a Randall from the factory is typically five years.
Two examples of Randall's Model 17 "Astro", designed for the use of astronauts, are on display in the Smithsonian Institution. The company operates its own museum containing more than 7,000 knives and other edged weapons, including one of the world's largest collections of pocket knives.
Bo Randall first became interested in making knives after he purchased a Bill Scagel knife that was being used to scrape paint off of a boat without showing any signs of wear or damage. He made his first knife in his garage at Lake Ivanhoe, Florida using an auto spring.
He founded the company in 1938. Although Randall originally designed his knives for outdoorsmen and sold them at sporting goods stores, demand from military customers initially provided his biggest boost in business, and launched his company nationally.
In the early 1940s, Randall knives significantly increased in popularity after receiving good publicity during World War II. Several noted war heroes and GIs on all fronts carried Randall knives with them into major battles, including Lieutenant General James M. Gavin, commander of the 82nd Airborne Division during the Normandy invasion. Army Air Force Captain Ronald Reagan, future U.S. President, owned a Randall knife in World War II. Randalls were so popular that GIs from overseas ordered through the mail by simply addressing letters to the "Knife Man, Orlando".
Shortly after the war, the popularity of Randall knives increased among non-military users, and Randall developed additional models specifically for expanding markets. In 1956, Randall received a United States design patent for models 14 and 15. In 1957, bestselling author James Jones mentioned Randall knives in his book "Some Came Running", and subsequently helped Randall to design a diver’s knife. In the Vietnam War, General William Westmoreland, Commander of American military operations in Vietnam, was often photographed with a Randall. Pilot Gary Powers of the 1960 U-2 incident, and herpetologist Ross Allen, carried Randalls. In 1982, Randall was inducted into the Blade Magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame at the Blade Show in Atlanta, Georgia.
Bo Randall died in 1989 in Orlando, Florida, at 80 years of age. His son, Gary Randall, currently oversees production at Randall made Knives.
Bo Randall was inducted into the "Blade" magazine Cutlery Hall of Fame at the 1983 Blade Show as an inauguree. In 1997, Randall was inducted into the American Bladesmith Society Hall of Fame. In 2001, Randall's knives were listed as "Best Sheath Knife" as part of "Forbes" "50 Best List".
As the U.S. initiated its space program, NASA needed a survival knife for its astronauts, and Major Gordon Cooper worked with Randall on the design of the Model 17 "Astro". These first astronauts carried their Randalls into space. After recovering the Liberty Bell 7 Mercury space capsule from the ocean in 1999, astronaut Gus Grissom’s Randall knife was found inside. Despite having spent 40 years at a depth of underwater, the knife was still serviceable after a good cleaning. Due to the historical significance of the "Astro", the Smithsonian Institution displays two at their museum.
Texas musician Guy Clark wrote and sang the original song "The Randall Knife" as an elegy for his father; the song first appeared on Clark's 1983 album "Better Days". Vince Gill, who sang and played guitar on Clark's original recording, mentions a Randall knife in an elegy for his own father, "The Key to Life," from the 1998 album "The Key". Steve Earle, a friend and contemporary of Guy Clark, mentions a Randall knife in his song "Taneytown", from the 1997 album "El Corazon".
The Randall Made Knives Museum is located at the shop facility in Orlando, and contains more than 7,000 knives and other edged weapons. It has one of the largest collection of pocket knives in the world and home to the world's largest collection of Bill Scagel's knives. The museum contains many historical pictures and documents related to Randall knives. Randall plans to move the museum to a larger facility.

</doc>
<doc id="13937457" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13937457" title="Sakhalin Energy">
Sakhalin Energy

Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd. (Sakhalin Energy) is a consortium for developing the Sakhalin-II oil and gas project with corporate head office in Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk. The chief executive officer is Roman Dashkov.
The company's principal activities are the production and export of crude oil (since 1999) and liquefied natural gas (from 2009).
The original consortium was formed in 1991 by Marathon, McDermott, Mitsui and Russian Federation as MMM Consortium. Shell and Mitsubishi joined the consortium in 1992, to make it MMMMS. In April 1994, the consortium (excluding Russian Federation) formed Sakhalin Energy Investment Company Ltd. to develop and manage the Sakhalin II project. Sakhalin Energy signed a production sharing agreement with the Russian Federation, represented by the government of the Russian Federation and the Sakhalin Oblast Government.
McDermott sold its share to the other partners in 1997 and Marathon traded its share to Shell for other properties (the BP operated Foinaven field, near the Shetland Islands, and an eight block area in the Gulf of Mexico—including the Ursa field) in 2000. 
In 2007, Shell was forced by the Russian government to sell part of its stake to Gazprom which made Gazprom the largest shareholder with 50% share of the company. 
In November 2009, Sakhalin Energy joined the United Nations Global Compact.
Sakhalin Energy develops the Piltun-Astokhskoye and the Lunskoye oil and gas fields, known as the Sakhalin-II project, in the Sea of Okhotsk, offshore Sakhalin island in the Russian Far East. The infrastructure of the Sakhalin-II project includes:
In 2015, Sakhalin Energy paid about US$5.2 billion (in kind and in cash) to the Russian Federation. By the end of 2015, the Russian Federation's proceeds from the Sakhalin-2 project have totalled over $18.8 billion. Over $23 billion worth of contracts have been awarded to Russian companies and organisations.
The current shareholders are:

</doc>
<doc id="13937763" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13937763" title="Rocco Forte Hotels">
Rocco Forte Hotels

Rocco Forte Hotels is a group of luxury hotels and resorts. It was established in 1996 by hotelier Sir Rocco Forte and his sister, Olga Polizzi, to create a group of luxury hotels in locations around the world. The group comprises a number of properties, each with its own name and distinct personality.
Sir Rocco Forte and Olga Polizzi are the children of Lord Forte, the late hotel magnate. The rights to the Forte name were initially lost in 1996, when Granada plc bought the Forte Group. 
The group began as RF Hotels, changing its name to Rocco Forte Hotels in 2003 and The Rocco Forte Collection on 29 July 2007. The group name then reverted to Rocco Forte Hotels in 2011. The group's sales offices are located in London, Rome, Frankfurt, Moscow, Madrid, New York City and Los Angeles.
As a brand of" Rocco Forte Hotels Limited", the group owns and manages luxury five-star hotels. Brown's Hotel, Hotel de Rome and Hotel Amigo are members of The Leading Hotels of the World.
Currently, the company is scouting locations in Amsterdam, Barcelona, Madrid, Milan, Moscow, New York City, and Paris for future hotel openings.

</doc>
<doc id="13938503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13938503" title="TriGránit">
TriGránit

TriGranit has emerged as one of the property developers in Europe. The company has so far completed projects with a total value of Euro 2 billion. TriGranit is currently working on several developments in 8 countries across the CEE region.
After having completed projects in Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and Romania, the company has widened its focus to include, Serbia, Croatia, Slovenia, Montenegro, Russia and Ukraine.
TriGranit’s primary focus is on dominant, mixed-use “City Center” projects in strategic urban locations. TriGranit creates prototype developments including retail & entertainment centres, office buildings, hotels, residential developments, waterfront resorts and cultural facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="13938633" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13938633" title="Yamada Corporation">
Yamada Corporation

Subsidiaries: 
Affiliated companies: 
Yamada was a representative of Lockheed Martin for the Army Tactical Missile System (ATACMS,) which is capable of reaching North Korea and Liancourt Rocks from Japan's mainland. The ATACMS has been displayed in the exhibition sponsored by the Congressional National Security Research Group (安全保障議員協議会), which is administered by Naoki Akiyama (秋山 直紀), the managing executive for Japan-U.S. Center for Peace and Cultural Exchange (日米平和・文化交流協会 ex Japan-U.S. Cultural Society, 日米文化振興会).
On November 2, 2007, Yomiuri Shimbun reported General Electric's decision to temporarily suspend its agreements with Yamada Corporation, the representative for C-X engine as well as its subsidiary Yamada International Corp. The C-X is the next-generation cargo transport aircraft under development by the Technical Research and Development Institute (TRDI) and Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Ltd.. On December 3, 2007, GE terminated its representation contract with the firm.
In 2008, Yamada corp announces that all of its employees will be made redundant at the end of August 2008.
In 2001, the Japan Defense Agency (JDA) discovered the overbilling by Yamada Corporation for the Chaff and Flare Dispenser System made by BAE Systems.
The then Defense Agency conducted an investigation over the price of equivalent devices which were found to be considerably lower than quoted by Yamada. The Defense Agency contacted the BAE Systems and was informed of overpricing manipulation.
Instead of submitting the BAE Systems' quotation, Yamada forged the British company's document and submitted its own version to the agency.
In 2002, Yamada arranged a meeting in the United States between Japanese defense officials and a man impersonating BAE Systems official during the Agency's investigation into bill padding by Yamada. 
Later in the year, the ministry received a letter from BAE Systems stating that Yamada should not be held responsible (which was later revealed to be produced by Yamada without BAE's consent). Yamada amended the contract and refunded 100 million yen to the Defense Agency, but was not penalized for its act. However, companies such as NEC subsidiary and Fuji Industries have conducted similar act in the past and were penalized by the Japan Ministry of Defense. The Public Prosecution Office is currently investigating the case after requesting to the Japan Ministry of Defense to submit documents related to the case.
Regarding the forgery scandal, Yamada released a statement as follows: "To avoid interfering investigations underway, I cannot discuss the issue regarding the existence of such (forging) activities." - the company president & CEO Yoshihiko Yonezu (October 2007).
On November 23, 2007, the Japan Ministry of Defense said it will transactions with scandal-tainted defense equipment trading house. The ministry is investigating the matter and plans to seek a refund of padded bills from Yamada.
Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba said Sunday he is considering filing a criminal complaint against defense trader Yamada Corp. for padding bills for equipment supplied to the Maritime Self-Defense Force.
In reference to the document forgery by the firm, the Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba said "It's fraud rather than padding, as written estimates have been forged to try to defraud the entire Defense Ministry," Ishiba said "If the facts are confirmed, we should file a (criminal) complaint."
The Defense Minister Ishiba spoke in press conference that the ministry is investigating Yamada Corp. under suspicion of inflating bills by at least 30 million yen in 2001 in a deal involving Air Self-Defense Force transport aircraft.
Prosecutors raided the trading house Yamada Corp on November 30, 2007. The move came after prosecutors completed a search of the Defense Ministry headquarters in Tokyo.
The Defense Ministry is conducting further investigation over bills submitted by Yamada. The investigation revealed at least three more incidents in which the firm forged the quotations by non-Japanese manufacturer.
In the case for the US-2, U.S. manufacturer Dynamic Instruments Inc. estimated the cost for the instrument at $43,000. But Yamada, mediating the trade, sold it to the ministry for $68,000, making the ministry pay some ¥3.1 million more than the estimate.
In the second case, in which the ministry has yet to pay the money, Yamada signed a contract worth $31,816 with the ministry for four U.S.-made components for a hydraulic system on SH-60K helicopters. But the actual price of the components made by Autronics Corp. was $26,216.
In the third case, quotation for AWACS maintenance parts manufactured by Farwest Aircraft, Inc. had been forged from the original document.
The Defense Ministry official said the firm is thought to have overcharged drastically for four contracts concluded with German manufacturer Rheinmetall AG. Yamada has been involved in 666 contracts since fiscal 2002 as an agent for foreign defense equipment makers. Of those, 116 were signed with the head office of the Defense Ministry or the former Defense Agency, while the remaining 550 were concluded with their local branch offices and depots.
The ministry is sending copies of Yamada's documentation to 29 foreign manufacturers involved with the head office contracts and asking them if they are legitimate. Eight of the companies replied on a total of 39 contracts.
In five of those contracts, the prices submitted were different from those the manufacturers had told Yamada.
According to the bills, the four contracts with Germany's Rheinmetall totaled 340 million yen. Yamada is suspected of overcharging by 224.5 million yen, or 66 percent.
Further investigation by the Defense Ministry revealed at least 12 cases in which Yamada had produced fake quotation documents by falsifying letter-head and signature. Public Prosecution Office discovered that the firm used printer company to mimic the format and fonts used by manufacturers in order to modify the numbers of the original document. The investigation is thought to reveal more cases of bill-padding.
Yamada currently employs Democratic Party of Japan' s Shozo Azuma (東 祥三), an ex-member for the House of Representatives of Japan. It also employs several other retired officials and their family member from the Japan Ministry of Defense (former Japan Defense Agency).
Yoshihiko Yonezu (米津 佳彦), President & C.E.O. of the company, is an executive board member of the aforementioned Congressional National Security Research Group. Other members of the group include the current PM Yasuo Fukuda; current Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba; a former leader of the Democratic Party of Japan Seiji Maehara; Ex-Defense Ministers Fumio Kyuma, Tokuichiro Tamazawa, Fukushiro Nukaga, Tsutomu Kawara and Gen Nakatani; Ex-Agriculture Ministers Tsutomu Takebe and Norihiko Akagi.
The House of Councillors panel decided to summon former Vice Defense Minister Takemasa Moriya as a sworn witness on November 15, 2007 in connection with a series of collusion scandals.
The upper house's committee on foreign affairs and defense has also made its call on a former executive of Yamada Corp who is also at the center of the scandal, as a sworn witness as well as Yamada Corp President Yoshihiko Yonezu as a witness.
In 2003, Yamada Corp. has allegedly paid $600,000, to a U.S. group linked to Naoki Akiyama, the executive director of the Japan-U.S. Center for Peace and Cultural Exchange, as an attempt to land work as a subcontractor in a project to remove poison gas shells in Fukuoka Prefecture left over from the war. The payment was made under the title "business cooperation fees."
Prosecutors have searched the office of the Japan-U.S. Center for Peace and Cultural Exchange and Yamada's headquarters in Tokyo over the allegation. Former Defense Minister Fumio Kyuma and other lawmakers close to the defense industry serve as directors of the center.
The Defense Agency commissioned the center to conduct research for the project. Kobe Steel Ltd, was awarded the actual operation. Both contracts were awarded via bidding. Yamada served as a subcontractor for Kobe Steel, assuming such work as procuring equipment.
Public prosecution office found documents that indicate Yamada Corp would pay or has paid a total of $300,000 to an organization linked to a big defense figure as rewards for helping the company secure agency contracts with two U.S. defense makers in 2006.
The documents point to exchanges of money between Yamada and the organization linked to Naoki Akiyama, executive director of the Japan-U.S. Center for Peace and Cultural Exchange, which Tokyo prosecutors suspect has associations with the Yamada payoff scandals involving former Yamada executive Motonobu Miyazaki and former Vice Defense Minister Takemasa Moriya.
In 2006 Yamada transmitted a total of about $100,000 (10 million yen) to Naoki Akiyama, a senior official of a Japan-U.S. Center for Peace and Cultural Exchange, arrested last week on tax evasion charges.
Tokyo Public Prosecutor suspect Yamada sent the cash to Akiyama, for supporting negotiations with M Ship Co., a San Diego-based military equipment manufacturer, over a sales agent contract for its high-speed vessels. M-Ship claims that it has not committed to such contract.
Also revealed was that a former senior U.S. official close to Akiyama called M-Ship in advance to introduce Yamada to the U.S. company. Akiyama visited M-Ship in 2006 with Yamada subsid Yamada International Corp executives, for negotiations over the sale of high-speed vessels M80 Stiletto.
M-Ship admits it had received a call from the former senior U.S. official, who is also a director of Akiyama's Japan-U.S. center.
M-Ship said it has signed a memorandum of understanding with Yamada only for a market research purposes in Japan, but that it has not signed an agent contract with the company.
Yamada's business records have been long time attributed to Motonobu Miyazaki. Media in Japan reported scandals regarding Miyazaki and Masashi Yamada's personal ties to the government and politicians. The media also reported that Special Investigation Department of Public Prosecutors Office are questioning Miyazaki and other Yamada Corporation employees over alleged illegal activities involving Miyazaki and Yamada Corporation.
Miyazaki resigned from Yamada Corporation after failing an MBO causing distrust with the Yamada family, the 98% share holder of Yamada Corporation. After Miyazaki left the firm in June 2006, he established a new company, Nihon Mirise Corporation (NMC) in September 2006. Yonezu, the new president & CEO of Yamada, filed a court case to Tokyo District Court in October 2006 alleging loss caused by Miyazaki and his new company, as well as 13 employees of Nihon Mirise, for taking business away from Yamada. The loss claimed by Yamada is 1 billion yen.
Two individuals in charge of General Electric program, more specifically the engines for the next generation military cargo aircraft, leaves Yamada in December 2006 and joins Nihon Mirise. Yamada filed another lawsuit in February 2007 against the two individuals claiming for loss of GE business. The claimed loss is a half billion yen.
In March 2007, GE deleted Yamada distributorship for the C-X program. Yamada had already filed a lawsuit against NMC in February 2007 for taking GE's subject representation, prior to the firm actually losing the business. In Japan, such preempt legal action is exceedingly unusual to take before the claimed act has been conducted.
Later, GE designated Nihon Mirise as its distributor for the C-X engine from July 2007. In July 2007, Nihon Mirise formally became GE's distributor for the C-X program.
There are 7 ongoing lawsuits between Yamada and Nihon Mirise, of which 6 are against Nihon Mirise Corporation.
In November 2007, GE decides to temporarily suspend all dealings with Yamada Corp and its splinter company, Nihon Mirise Corp.
GE terminates its representation contract with Yamada on Dec. 3rd, 2007. C Currently GE does not have a representative in Japan, pending open investigation of GE’s direct involvement of the FCPA violation.
Northrop Grumman terminated the representation rights assigned to Yamada Corporation in early November 2007, to stop all dealings with the firm. The US manufacturer assigned Yamada the representation rights for E-2C Airborne Early Warning (AEW) aircraft from Sumitomo Corporation in 1997. The representation rights has been assigned to Sumitomo Corp as of Nov. 2007.
Lockheed Martin, Textron and many other manufacturers have terminated Yamada. Japan Ministry of Defense has halted all deals with Yamada and will not resume until all the wrongdoings are discovered and damages compensated. Arising to Yamada's bill-padding case, the Japan MOD is in the process of reviewing its procurement process.
Argo-tech Corporation has filed a lawsuit at a U.S. district court in Cleveland against Yamada and its U.S. subsidiary Upsilon International, claiming Yamada's involvement in bribery cases violated their contract which prohibits FCPA related conduct, hence the representation rights should be terminated. Argo-tech has also demanded compensation from Yamada and its subsidiary.
In response, Yamada has filed a countersuit against Argo-Tech at a district court in California. Yamada is claiming that the termination of their contract is illegal as FCPA violation has no relations to the representation rights.
Anti-corruption investigators in Britain are currently probing a suspected bribery scandal involving Smiths Detection. It was reported by the Financial Times that Serious Fraud Office has begun its investigation and asked details from Smiths. Smiths claims there are no evidence of wrongdoing. According to the report, the companies have ended their business relationship.
6 filed against Nihon Mirise Corporation<br> 
1 filed from Nihon Mirise Corporation<br>
1 filed against Japan Ministry of Defense
1 filed against Argo-Tech Corporation in California District Court<br>
1 filed from Argo-Tech Corporation in Cleveland District Court

</doc>
<doc id="13938649" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13938649" title="Cloetta">
Cloetta

Cloetta is a Swedish confectionery and nuts company created in 1862. The major markets for Cloetta are Finland, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Italy and the Netherlands. The company is listed on the Stockholm stock exchange. 
Cloetta was established in 1862 in Copenhagen by the three Swiss brothers Bernhard, Christopher and Nutin Cloetta. Sales expanded, and in 1873 a factory was built in Malmö. This factory was moved in 1901 to Ljungsbro. The Cloetta family sold the business in 1917 to the Swedish Chocolate Factory AB with Svenfelt family as majority owner. In 2012 Cloetta merged with the much larger Leaf International of The Netherlands, becoming the largest confectionery company in the Nordic countries. The Svenfelt family still is the largest shareholder via the trust Malfors Promotor.
Cloetta is organised according to function and its commercial organisation is separated from the supply chain organization. Each of the six core markets (Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, The Netherlands and Italy) has their own sales and marketing organization. Export is handled by a separate organisation. Business development and strategy, business control, financial administration, corporate communications and Human resources are handled by central staffs.
Cloetta has 13 factories in six countries. The two largest factories are in Levice, Slovakia and Ljungsbro, Sweden.
"This is a list of some of the brands owned by Cloetta. It is not complete."
Cloetta market shares:
Sweden, 28%, Finland, 25%, Norway, 25%, The Netherlands, 18%, Denmark, 15%, Italy, 13%
Main competitors:
Mondelez, Haribo, Fazer, Nidar and Perfetti Van Melle

</doc>
<doc id="13939642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13939642" title="Maeda Corporation">
Maeda Corporation

Maeda has domestic offices in eleven Japanese cities, and overseas offices in Thailand, Hong Kong, and India.
Maeda became independent from as in 1919. It became known as Maeda Corporation in 1946. In 1960, the company completed Takokura Dam, one of the largest dam projects in Japan. In recent years, Maeda engaged in other large-scale public construction projects such as Seikan Tunnel and Tokyo Bay Aqua-Line in Japan.
Maeda is also well known in Hong Kong and has constructed such projects as the Hong Kong International Airport and Kap Shui Mun Bridge.
Not a complete list.

</doc>
<doc id="13943035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13943035" title="MDPI">
MDPI

Molecular Diversity Preservation International and Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute (MDPI) are two organisations that share an acronym, headquartered in Basel (Switzerland). Molecular Diversity Preservation International is a chemical sample archive. Multidisciplinary Digital Publishing Institute is a publisher of peer-reviewed open-access journals.
Molecular Diversity Preservation International was founded and registered as a non-profit association (Verein) by Shu-Kun Lin and Benoit R. Turin in Basel in 1996 to enable the deposit and exchange of rare molecular and biomolecular research samples. The goal was to preserve the diversity of chemical compounds through the collection and storage of samples that could be made available to the scientific community for research purposes. This collection of samples was permanently transferred to the MDPI Sustainability Foundation in 2013, and Molecular Diversity Preservation International was dissolved. The collection of chemical samples is now operated by Molmall Sarl on behalf of the MDPI Sustainability Foundation.
The journal "Molecules" was established in 1996 in collaboration with Springer-Verlag (now Springer Science+Business Media) in order to document the chemical samples of the MDPI collection. Several other journals were established by the MDPI Verein, including "Entropy" (1999), the "International Journal of Molecular Sciences" (2000), "Sensors" (2001), "Marine Drugs" (2003), and the "International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health" (2004). The publisher MDPI AG was spun off from MDPI Verein in 2010.
MDPI Verein co-organized several academic conferences, including the "International Symposium on Frontiers in Molecular Science". It also runs virtual conferences, such as the "Electronic Conference on Synthetic Organic Chemistry", which was started in 1997. In 2010 MDPI launched the platform Sciforum.net to host virtual conferences. In 2014, various virtual conferences were hosted in the areas of synthetic organic chemistry, material sciences, sensors, and sustainability. In 2015, MDPI co-organized two physical conferences with and at the University of Basel, the "4th Internationational Symposium on Sensor Science" and the "5th World Sustainability Forum". Since 2015, scholars can organize their own conference for free on the Sciforum platform.
MDPI AG, a publisher of open-access scientific journals, was spun off from the Molecular Diversity Preservation International organization. It was formally registered by Shu-Kun Lin and Dietrich Rordorf in May 2010 in Basel, Switzerland, and maintains three offshore editorial offices in China. MDPI relies primarily on article processing charges to cover the costs of editorial quality control and production of articles. Over seventy universities and institutes have joined the MDPI Institutional Membership Program, set up in the fourth quarter of 2013; authors from these organizations pay reduced article processing charges. MDPI is a member of the Committee on Publication Ethics, the International Association of Scientific, Technical, and Medical Publishers, and the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association (OASPA).
MDPI currently publishes over 150 peer-reviewed scientific journals. As of June 2016, 28 journals have been selected for coverage in the Science Citation Index Expanded, while 60 journals are indexed in other Thomson Reuters products, such as the Emerging Sources Citation Index, BIOSIS Previews, and The Zoological Record.
Thirty-two MDPI journals publishing in biomedicine, life sciences, and related areas are archived in PubMed Central. MDPI journals can also be found in other relevant indexing services, such as Scopus, which currently includes over 50 MDPI journals, and Ei Compendex, which covers 13 MDPI journals.
In line with OASPA's recommendation, all articles published by MDPI since 2008 are released under the CC-BY Creative Commons license and preserved with the Swiss National Library and CLOCKSS.
In December 2011, the MDPI journal "Life" published Erik D. Andrulis' theoretical paper, "Theory of the Origin, Evolution, and Nature of Life", aiming at presenting a framework to explain life. It attracted coverage by the popular science and technology magazines "Ars Technica" and "Popular Science", which characterized it as "crazy" and "hilarious". A member of the editorial board of "Life" resigned in response. Publisher Lin defended the journal's editorial process, saying that the paper had been revised following lengthy reviews by two faculty members from institutions different from the author's.
In 2013, another MDPI journal, "Entropy", published a review paper claiming glyphosate may be the most important factor in the development of obesity, depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism, Alzheimer's disease, Parkinson's disease, multiple sclerosis, cancer, and infertility. The paper itself does not contain any primary research results. It was criticized as pseudo-science by the popular science magazine "Discover". With regard to the same controversial study, Jeffrey Beall has rhetorically asked, "Will MDPI publish anything for money?".
When publishers like MDPI disseminate research by science activists like Stephanie Seneff and her co-authors, I think it’s fair to question the credibility of all the research that MDPI publishes. Will MDPI publish anything for money?
A third instance of controversial publications is documented in the "Australian paradox".
MDPI has published a statement in December 2013 as a response and defense on publishing controversial papers.
MDPI was included on Jeffrey Beall's list of predatory open access publishing companies as of February 2014, and removed in October 2015 following a successful appeal. Following Beall's criticism of MDPI, the Open Access Scholarly Publishers Association (OASPA) conducted an investigation in April 2014 and concluded that MDPI meets the OASPA Membership Criteria, stating that "Based on our findings we feel satisfied that MDPI continue to meet the OASPA Membership Criteria".
Jeffrey Beall concern was that "MDPI's warehouse journals contain hundreds of lightly-reviewed articles that are mainly written and published for promotion and tenure purposes rather than to communicate science." Beall also claimed that MDPI used email spam to solicit manuscripts.
MDPI characterized Beall's comments as "an incompetent general critique" and alleged that the inclusion of MDPI on his list was motivated by a hostility towards open access publishing in general, noting that he had recently published a commentary on that theme. Peter Murray-Rust, a chemist currently working at the University of Cambridge and an editorial board member of the-yet-to-be-started MDPI journal "Data", criticized Beall's critique of MDPI as being "irresponsible" and lacking evidence. Nevertheless, Beall maintained MDPI on his list, criticizing the company for publishing obvious pseudoscience articles.
One of its journals had been targeted in the "Who's Afraid of Peer Review?" sting operation and rejected the fake paper. In 2014, MDPI's "Life" journal started featuring open peer review (optional, at the authors' discretion), which has been advocated as a transparency measure to combat predatory journals.
Further critique was raised by Martin Haspelmath who argues that the publication model employed by MDPI
In response to Haspelmath, MDPI published a commentary in the same journal disputing a number of points.
Among the reasons Beall gave for adding MDPI to his list of questionable publishers was that the company "...claims that several Nobel Laureates serve on its editorial boards, but one investigation found that they didn’t realize they were listed." As evidence for this particular accusation, Beall pointed to a news story run by "eCampus News". The original reporter later issued a correction and the article was modified and appended with the following notice:
An earlier version of this article stated that Nobel Prize-winning geneticist Mario Capecchi was not aware he was listed as a member of the editorial board for the MDPI journal Biomolecules. At the time, Capecchi's assistant, Lorene Stitzer, told eCampus News that "he was not aware of the fact that he had been included on the listing." After being contacted by MDPI, Stitzer now says Capecchi is in fact aware of being an honorary board member. eCampus News regrets the error.
With regard to Beall's accusation about Nobel laureate Mario Capecchi not being aware that he was on the editorial board of the journal "Biomolecules", MDPI posted a response stating that "the Editor-in-Chief of "Biomolecules" obtained a written confirmation from Professor Cappechi that he was indeed aware of his membership"; copies of such correspondence have been posted as well. MDPI has compiled and posted emails claiming to document the acceptance by the following Nobelists as members of the board in MDPI journals: Robert F. Curl, Richard R. Ernst, Jerome Karle, Harold Kroto, Yuan-Tseh Lee, Rudolph A. Marcus, Eric S. Maskin, Steven Weinberg, Kurt Wüthrich and George Smoot.
The uncorrected story has been picked up other media outlets, such as "Veja", a leading weekly news magazine in Brazil.

</doc>
<doc id="13943756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13943756" title="MailChannels">
MailChannels

MailChannels is a privately held, anti-spam technology company based in Vancouver, British Columbia.
MailChannels specializes in software and services that detect and block the sending of spam, phishing and other abusive email. Unlike most anti-spam technology providers, MailChannels positions itself as a leader in blocking abusive email at its source by installing software and services within sending networks and services such as ISPs and web hosting providers.
To combat outgoing spam, MailChannels offers customers either a cloud-based SMTP relay service, or software that is installed by the customer within their network. MailChannels' software derives from the open-source web proxy software Nginx, and as such, the company makes the claim that its software is extremely scalable and robust.
MailChannels' customers include large web hosting companies, internet service providers, mailbox providers and email service providers such as Endurance International Group, SendGrid, Sherweb, and Locaweb.
The company was founded in 2005 by former engineers of ActiveState (acquired by Sophos), who created one of the first commercial spam filters.
The company's first product was an SMTP proxy that provides tar-pitting and transparent SMTP proxy functionality for inbound email filtering. At the 2007 MIT Spam Conference, the company's founder, Ken Simpson, was awarded the "best paper" award.
In 2007, MailChannels joined MAAWG and closed a series A round led by current and former Microsoft employees.
In 2010, the company launched an outbound email filtering platform that claims to be capable of filtering up to 30 millions messages per hour, transparently in the network. Outbound mail filtering involves scanning email traffic as it exits the network, identifying compromised accounts, and reducing the risk of having IP addresses blocked by receiving networks.
In 2013, the company launched the MailChannels Cloud SMTP relay service.

</doc>
<doc id="13944073" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13944073" title="Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company">
Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company

The Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company, founded as Cowles Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company, and Cowles Syndicate Company, Limited, formed in the United States and England during the mid-1880s to extract and supply valuable metals. Founded by two brothers from Ohio, the Cowles companies are remembered for producing alloys in quantity sufficient for commerce. Their furnaces were electric arc smelters, one of the first viable methods for extracting metals.
The businesses of the era dramatically increased the supply of aluminium, a plentiful resource not found in nature in pure form, and reduced its price. The Cowles process was the immediate predecessor to the Hall-Héroult process—today in nearly universal use more than a century after it was discovered by Charles Martin Hall and Paul Héroult and adapted by others including Carl Josef Bayer. Because of the patent landscape, the Cowles companies found themselves in court. Judges eventually acknowledged their innovations many years after the companies formed, and one brother received two separate settlements.
Eugene H. Cowles and Alfred H. Cowles, sons of newspaper publisher Edwin Cowles of Cleveland, Ohio, built high temperature furnaces during the late 1880s in Lockport, New York and in Stoke-upon-Trent in England based on the furnace of Carl Wilhelm Siemens. Charles F. Mabery, at the time of what is today the Case School of Engineering, contributed expertise in chemistry.
The family had purchased a copper zinc mine on the Pecos River in New Mexico in 1883. Eugene that year designed a furnace to extract zinc from the mine's ores. Two young employees were testing four furnaces in a Cleveland laboratory by 1885. Their first plant was built to extract aluminium, in 1886 using hydropower from a tailrace of Niagara Falls on the Niagara River.
Adolphe Minet wrote a sympathetic assessment twenty years later in 1905 from the perspective of Paris. The Cowles furnace was electrochemical, one of two kinds of processes applied to producing aluminum during the 19th century, and belonged to the electrothermic group that includes Héroult (alloys), Brin, Bessemer, Stephanite and Moissan (carbide). Minet thought Cowles was the first great advance in electrometallurgy at least for many years, calling it a "practical" furnace yielding alloy up to 20 percent aluminum. The first was begun in 1884 and the best was tested in Cleveland in 1886. Minet gave the real credit though to other chemists who saw how to produce ""pure" aluminum".
William Frishmuth, who as the sole aluminium supplier in the United States built the Washington Monument's aluminum cap in 1884, was one among those who worried that "foreign capitalists" were about to control the world aluminium market.
Charles Martin Hall was a graduate of Oberlin College in Ohio who had discovered in February 1886 an electrolytic process for aluminum extraction. His patent application in July collided with Paul Héroult's application for the same idea, "electrolysis of alumina in cryolite" and for which Héroult had received the patent in France in April. Hall proved his February date and was awarded the patent in the U.S. Hall made a licensing agreement and worked with the Cowles at the facility in Lockport with the hopes of moving his ideas from the laboratory into production.
Cowles did not choose to use the Hall patent. Their reason is unclear—some in Lockport remember it as disagreement about "external heat and copper electrodes" and "internally heated furnace and carbon electrodes", and Alcoa culture remembers it as an attempt to "suppress his new process by buying him out". Hall left after one year, in July 1888, to found the Pittsburgh Reduction Company which today is named Alcoa.
In 1891 after Cowles began to advertise "pure aluminum" they were sued by the Pittsburgh Reduction Company. The judge announced his decision in January 1893, finding them to be infringing the patent of Hall and having gained knowledge of his process by hiring away a chemist named Hobbs who was the foreman in Pittsburgh. In 1903 the Cowles won a countersuit. The surviving brother Alfred chose to stop work on aluminum and Cowles received royalties and a US$1.35 million payment in settlement. The appeal said the patent application of Charles S. Bradley which Cowles had acquired in 1885 and Alcoa had acquired from Cowles in 1904 hinted at an internally rather than externally heated furnace.
The Cowles facility in England became part of British Aluminium in the late 1880s. In 1893, after Eugene's death, Maybery questioned a presentation that to him indicated the Cowles patents were infringed by the carborundum process of Edward Acheson (Acheson process). In 1900 Cowles received a $300,000 payment from the carborundum company. The judges' decision gave "priority broadly to the Messrs. Cowles for reducing ores and other substances by the incandescent method".
The achievements of Hall in the U.S. and of Héroult in Europe, and their influence on aluminum companies, some through Héroult's Société Electrometallurgique Française, have been called one of the greatest events in metallurgy. Over ten years, aluminum output in the U.S. increased by 100,000 times and its price dropped to about 2% of its cost before their discovery. Cowles engineered a separate venture and did not share that glory, but sometimes the brothers are credited with envisioning and promoting what was the beginning of electrical smelting on a large scale.

</doc>
<doc id="13946091" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13946091" title="Bureau Veritas">
Bureau Veritas

Bureau Veritas S. A. (formerly BVQI, Bureau Veritas Quality International) is an international certification agency. In addition to certifications, they provide HSE expertise (Health, Safety and Environmental). Today the headquarters are in Neuilly-sur-Seine, nearby La Défense. The company went public on the Paris Bourse in October 2007.
Originally formed in Antwerp in 1828 as "Bureau de Renseignements pour les Assurances Maritimes" (Information Office for Maritime Insurance), the Bureau Veritas name was adopted in 1829.
The company has its headquarters in Neuilly-sur-Seine, near Paris La Défense in France.
Its main competitors are the Swiss companies Société Générale de Surveillance (SGS), Germanischer Lloyd (GL) and Cotecna. 
Formed in June 1828 in Antwerp by underwriters Alexandre Delehaye and Louis van den Broek, and insurance broker Auguste Morel. The Bureau Veritas name was adopted in 1829. This included the adoption of the figure of truth logo designed by Achille Deveria. The company was founded for the initial purpose of collecting, verifying and providing maritime insurance companies with precise and up-to-date information about the condition of ships and their equipment around the world. At the beginning of the 20th century, Bureau Veritas became involved in new activities: inspection of metallic parts and equipment for the rail industry and then for the whole industrial sector as well as construction. At the end of the 20th century, Bureau Veritas extended its scope to set up a merchandise inspection system for imported/exported goods before these are shipped and to set up certification of quality management. At the beginning of the 21st century, Bureau Veritas added 2 new business to its activity: consumer products testings and commodities testings.
Frank Piedelièvre took the lead of Bureau Veritas between 1996 and 2013, first as Chief Executive Officer (1996-1999), then as President & CEO (1999-2009), then as Chairman & CEO (2009-2012) than as Chairman (2012-2013). Under his leadership, Bureau Veritas has seen is number of employees multiplied by 7 (from 8,000 to 59,000) and its revenues multiplied by 8 (from EUR 455 million to EUR 3,902 million)(source: Bureau Veritas activity report, available on the company's website). Since March 2012, Didier Michaud-Daniel is the Chief Executive Office (CEO) of Bureau Veritas.
The company went public on the Paris Stock Exchange (Paris Bourse) in October 2007.
In 2007, Bureau Veritas released a video to launch its "Move Forward with Confidence" tagline. This video can be found on the company's website.
In 2013, Bureau Veritas launched a video to explain simply its main businesses and raise awareness on its Testing, Inspection and Certification activities. This video won the 2014 TopCom "Silver Award" in the External Audiovisual category
A detailed history of Bureau Veritas can be found on the company's website. One can also download the 150 years anniversary book edited by the company in 1978.
The head office of the group is located in France in Neuilly-sur-Seine near Paris. Bureau Veritas is a listed company on the Euronext Paris and belongs to the Next 20 (Compartment A, code ISIN FR 0006174348, stock symbol: BVI).
Its latest registration/reference document was submitted to the AMF (the French "Autorités des marchés financiers") in March 2016.
The capital distribution on December 31, 2015 is as follows:
In 2015, the group revenues reached 4.63 billion euros.
Bureau Veritas' organization comprises 8 global businesses/divisions:
The Bureau Veritas logo has almost never changed since its origin. It has many symbols each with a specific meaning.

</doc>
<doc id="13949147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13949147" title="Tonkin House">
Tonkin House

Tonkin House was a Japanese video game publisher.

</doc>
<doc id="13951061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13951061" title="Nintendo Software Planning &amp; Development">
Nintendo Software Planning &amp; Development

The (commonly abbreviated to Nintendo SPD) was a research, planning and development division housed inside the Nintendo Development Center in Kyoto, Japan. The division had two departments: "Software Planning & Development Department", which primarily co-produced games with external developers; and "Software Development & Design Department", which primarily developed experimental and system software. The division was created during a corporate restructuring on September 30, 2003, with the abolition of the Nintendo R&D1 and Nintendo R&D2 departments.
The group had the task of independently developing innovative games, assisting other development teams on projects, and managing overseas production of first-party franchises. Both SPD and SDD departments were divided into four separate groups, which worked concurrently on different projects.
Nintendo SPD merged with Nintendo's other software development division, Entertainment Analysis & Development (EAD) in September 2015, becoming Nintendo Entertainment Planning & Development.
The General Manager of the "Nintendo Software Planning & Development Division" was Shinya Takahashi, assisted by both Keizo Kato, the Assistant Manager and Kensuke Tanabe, the Executive Officer. The division was split into two different departments: the "Software Planning & Development Department", which was split into four separate groups, which was supervised by Deputy Manager Yoshio Sakamoto; and the "Software Development & Design Department" which was split into three separate groups, supervised by Deputy Manager Masaru Nishita. All of the groups worked concurrently on different projects.
Deputy Manager: Yoshio Sakamoto
Group Manager: Katsuya Yamano
Production Group No. 1's primary focus was the development and co-production of video game software and software applications for Nintendo home and handheld consoles, in cooperation with second-party developers. The Group Manager and main producer was Katsuya Yamano, assisted by Nintendo veteran developer Yoshio Sakamoto, with the directing and planning team including a collective of talented personnel. The group typically had more than one project simultaneously in production, with emphasis on maintaining the "Rhythm Heaven" and "Friend Collection" series, along with co-producing the "WarioWare" series with Intelligent Systems.
Group Manager: Hitoshi Yamagami
Production Group No. 2's primary focus was the production and co-development of video game software for Nintendo home and handheld consoles, in cooperation with Japanese third-party developers. The Group Manager and main producer is Hitoshi Yamagami, with the directing and planning team including a collective of talented personnel. The group typically had more than one project simultaneously in production, with emphasis on maintaining the "F-Zero" series with Suzak, the "The Legendary Starfy" series with Tose, the "Fire Emblem" series with Intelligent Systems, the "Dr. Mario" and "Endless Ocean" series with Arika, the "Fossil Fighters" series with Red Entertainment, the "Style Savvy" series with Syn Sophia, and the "Xenoblade Chronicles" series with Monolith Soft.
Group Manager: Kensuke Tanabe<br>
Production Group No. 3 was responsible for overseeing the development of titles from the "Metroid Prime", "Battalion Wars", "Super Mario Strikers", "Mario vs. Donkey Kong", "Excite", "Paper Mario", "Fluidity", and "Donkey Kong Country" series.
Group Manager: Hiroshi Sato<br>
Production Group No. 4 was responsible for overseeing the development of titles from the "Mario Party", "Donkey Kong", and "Wii Party" series.
Deputy Manager: Masaru Nishita<br>
"Nintendo Software Development & Design" was an experimental software development team assembled by Nintendo Co., Ltd. president Satoru Iwata. The team was originally assembled as a "System Service Task Force" that would develop all the unique internal system software for the Nintendo DS and Nintendo Wii. The team was responsible for all the additional Wii Channels, the Nintendo DSi system software and more recently, the Nintendo 3DS system software. Nintendo SDD also went on to develop several innovative retail games. The philosophy behind development was to think out of the box and create unique software in a timely manner with smaller development resources. The development staff was composed of Koichi Kawamoto, who was the original programmer of "WarioWare", and Shinya Takahashi, who was a longtime designer at Nintendo EAD. The department was also responsible for developing several subsequent WiiWare and DSiWare software.
Manager/producer: Kiyoshi Mizuki<br>
Software Development Group was responsible for developing software from the "Jam with the Band" and "Brain Age" series, among additional "Touch! Generations" titles with partner developers.
Manager/producer: Kazunobu Shimizu<br>
UI Development Group was responsible for developing additional Wii Channels, and the Nintendo DS/DSi and Nintendo 3DS general interfaces.
Manager/producer: Hiroji Kiyotake
The Character Design Group was responsible for managing and developing characters for Nintendo SPD/SDD internal and external projects.
Group Manager: Kenji Yamamoto
The Sound Department was responsible for managing and producing music and sound design for Nintendo SPD and SDD projects.

</doc>
<doc id="13953909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13953909" title="Norwegian Industrial Property Office">
Norwegian Industrial Property Office

The Norwegian Industrial Property Office ( or "Patentstyrets første avdeling"), also known as Norwegian Patent Office (), is a government agency responsible for registration of patents, trademarks and design in Norway. The agency is subordinate to the Ministry of Trade and Industry and located in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="13954403" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13954403" title="Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Company">
Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Company

Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Company (), or in short form "Xinxin Mining" or "Xinxin", is the second largest electrolyted nickel in Mainland China. It has 30-year extraction rights of copper and nickel mines in Fuyun County, Xinjiang. Its products include nonferrous metals, cobalt, noble metals, gold, silver, platinum and palladium.
It was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 12 October 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="13954499" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13954499" title="MC2 France">
MC2 France

MC2 France is a French software company that develops and publishes video games focusing on adventure games. It was formed in 2003 when Emmanuel Olivier merged Microïds and Wanadoo Edition. In late 2009 all of the licences associated with the company were purchased by Anuman Interactive, and currently the Microïds brand is used.
Microïds was founded in 1985 by Elliot Grassiano. For the first 10 years, Microïds was a development house, but in 1995 it expanded into publishing and distribution as well.
Microïds is well known for the development of the adventure games including "Syberia", "Syberia II", "Post Mortem" and its sequel "Still Life". Other notable games that Microïds has produced include "Far Gate" and the "Nicky Boum" series of action games for the Commodore Amiga.
On 23 November 2009 Anuman Interactive announced that they were acquiring the mark of and all the associated licences of Microïds. The Microïds deal with MC2 was completed on 1 January 2010.
In 2003 Emmanuel Olivier took control of Microïds and Wanadoo Edition and merged them to form MC2 France.
On September 30, 2003 Wanadoo Edition became part of MC2 France, from this deal Wanadoo also became a 12% shareholder in Microïds. This move was a part of a deal with the French government for Microïds to emerge from bankruptcy protection.
On March 2005 Ubisoft acquired part of MC2-Microïds "(Microïds Canada)" and integrated it into Ubisoft's Montréal studios. In 2006 MC2 France acquired of a minority interest in the mobile games developer, Tetraedge; among Tetraedge's work, they have adapted "Syberia" for smartphones.
2007 saw the re-introduction of the Microïds brand and all future releases by the company would go under either "Microïds Montreal" or "Microïds Paris". In 2008 Microïds announced they had entered into a publishing agreement with Encore (part of Navarre Corporation), where Encore would publish Microïds entire catalogue in North America. Similar deals were also struck with other companies for various territories. In 2008 the licences of Cryo Interactive were added to the company. In 2009 Anuman Interactive acquired the mark of and all the associated licences of the company, and currently uses the Microïds brand.
In 1992, Emmanuel Olivier founded Index+. Initially, the company developed interactive multimedia CD-Roms such as "Le Louvre, Paintings and Palace" in 1994. In 1995, it merged with another company, Arctad, founded by Vincent Berlioz and Jacques Simian, and began to publish its own productions. In this age of multimedia, they focused on graphical adventure games, often with a historical or an educational perspective ("Crusaders", "Paris 1313", "Vikings", '). The company's greatest success was ', a PlayStation and Windows adventure game set in Transylvania, which sold over 200,000 copies in October 1999.
In September 2000, Index+ purchased France Telecom Multimedia, a subsidiary of France's main telecommunication operator France Telecom, which was its distributor. The new company was then acquired by Wanadoo, the internet division of France Telecom, under the name Wanadoo Edition. It was then active in all phases of the videogame business: development, publishing, and distribution. Furthermore, France Telecom Multimedia developed internet content, and another Wanadoo subsidiary, Goa, specialized in online gaming, a market in which Wanadoo Edition intended to increase its business.
During its lifespan, Wanadoo Edition played a critical role in the French videogame business, publishing games for studios such as 4X, Babylon Software, Carapace, Etranges Libellules, Galilea Multimedia and PAM, and distributing products from independent publishers, such as Arxel Tribe, Kalisto Entertainment, Microïds and Monte Cristo. Wanadoo Edition's was a major player in the videogame market during the years which saw the demise of many French videogame companies, such as Kalisto, Cryo and 4X.
Wanadoo Edition teamed up with non-French studios as well, such as Asylum Entertainment, Spellbound, Haemimont Games, Rebellion Developments, and TimeGate. It also distributed games such as Tecmo ("Project Zero", ""), Mythic Entertainment ("Dark Age of Camelot") and PCCWJ ("Raging Blades") in PAL territories. Finally, in its own studio, it developed its first 3D game: "Inquisition".
The production at this time was heavily influenced by the personality of the editorial director, Edouard Lussan, a history buff. He created the concepts for most games, including the uchronic "Iron Storm", set in an alternate, war-torn 1964, and "Sniper Elite", which takes place in Berlin during the last days of World War II.
Emmanuel Olivier left Wanadoo Edition in January 2002 due to differences of opinion over strategy with the management of Wanadoo. A year later, in January 2003, Thierry Breton was appointed CEO of France Telecom. After a strategic audit, he decided to part with Wanadoo Edition, and the staff were laid off.
On 20 October 2008 Microïds acquired the brands and intellectual property of Cryo Interactive, who had been declared bankrupt in 2002.
MC2 France have a vast catalog of games, featuring titles from Index+, Wanadoo Edition, and Microïds.

</doc>
<doc id="13955661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13955661" title="Bertel O. Steen">
Bertel O. Steen

Bertel O. Steen AS is one of Norway’s largest service and trading companies, and has its headquarters in Lørenskog municipality. At year-end 2011, the Group had 2,660 man-years and operating revenues of NOK 11.7 billion.
The Group is divided into three main segments – Cars, Other Business and Real Estate. The Car segment comprises Car Imports, Car Retail and Car Financing. Other Business comprises Agriculture, Sports and Leisure, Industry and Security and Snap Drive AS. The Real Estate segment comprises the Group's properties for car retail and other commercial properties.
The car import and retail segment constituted 82% of turnover in 2011, with the other segments making up the remaining 18%. A total 98% of the Group's turnover was generated from sales in Norway.
Car import: Import of Mercedes-Benz, smart®, Peugeot and Kia. The Group's importer contract for Chrysler, Jeep and Dodge was terminated on 31 May 2011. Daihatsu has also decided to withdraw from Europe, although Bertel O. Steen will continue to import Daihatsu parts, in order to cater for existing customers.
Car retail: A nationwide dealer network distributing the Group’s car makes. The main volume of sales takes place via Bertel O. Steen Detalj AS with subsidiaries.
Car financing: Comprises Bertel O. Steen Finans AS, a company providing financing via a nationwide dealer network distributing the Group’s car makes.
Snap Drive AS is an independent chain of car workshops, with 21 workshops located in major cities and towns in Norway.
Agriculture: Comprises the company A-K maskiner AS which both imports and retails agricultural machines. The company has 51 retail outlets, of which 31 are wholly owned. The company's core business area is the sale of tractors and related agricultural equipment. A-K maskiner AS represents strong international brands within the different units, including tractor brands Case IH and New Holland. The tool brands retailed by the company include[Amazone, Pöttinger, Orkel, Duun and Reime.
Sports and Leisure: This segment comprises Viking fottøy AS with its subsidiaries both in Norway and abroad. Viking fottøy AS develops, markets and sells footwear. The company's product brands are Viking, Cherrox and KangaROOS. The Sports and Leisure segment also includes the company Berghaus Nordic AS, which was established in January 2011. Berghaus Nordic AS is a joint venture with Pentland Group, owners of the Berghaus brand.
Real Estate: Comprises Bertel O. Steen Eiendom AS with subsidiaries, which manages a substantial property portfolio covering approx. 150,000 m2 of property connected with the car industry and other business segments. Approximately half of the portfolio constitutes property related to the car industry.
Industry and Security: Comprises Bertel O. Steen Industri AS with subsidiaries, which represent supply of marine engines, supply of security equipment and military supplies, respectively involved in: the sale and service of propulsion engines and generator sets, mainly for maritime vessels; the supply of security products and technical systems for the professional security market; products and specialised vehicles principally for the Norwegian Armed Forces and police force. Furthermore, Bertel O. Steen Industri acts as agent for major defence investments.

</doc>
<doc id="13955789" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13955789" title="Acme Tackle Company">
Acme Tackle Company

Acme Tackle Company is an American fishing supplies store, specializing in spoon lures. Acme has 16 different lures in over 1200 different types, sizes and color combinations, many of which are designed for specific types of fish, such as trout, bass, pike, or walleye. Acme's lures use steel split rings and Mustad hooks to hold fish. The company has been making the popular Little Cleo and Sidewinder spoons since 1980. The Little Cleo has been deemed by "Field & Stream" to be one of the 50 greatest lures of all time.
Acme Tackle was founded in 1952 by Henry E. (Art) Lavallee when he decided to enter the fishing tackle business three years after he and his brother Al formed a jewelry polishing and electroplating company. Lavallee took some of the jewelry and bent their shapes to create metal fishing lures. Lavallee then learned about a lure being developed by the Engineering Design Associates. Acme entered into a royalty agreement with EDA and acquired the rights to market the lure. Lavallee tested the lure and then modified it, making it longer and giving it a jewelry-like finish more like his other lures. This lure was called the Kastmaster, and it was Acme's first substantial success.
In 1980, Acme Tackle purchased the former Seneca Tackle Co. and expanded further. Today, Acme continues to manufacture, assemble, and package all of its lures at its Providence, Rhode Island plant, under the management and supervision of seven of Arthur Lavallee's sons and daughters. Acme is also a sponsor of Central Jersey Trout Unlimited. They have been noted as top lures of the time in numerous outdoor magazines, such as, Field and Stream.

</doc>
<doc id="13956562" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13956562" title="J.C. Flowers &amp; Co.">
J.C. Flowers &amp; Co.

J.C. Flowers & Co. is an American private equity investment firm, focused on investments in the financial services sector. The firm, founded in 2001, is based in New York City and run by billionaire J. Christopher Flowers, a former Goldman Sachs partner.
JC Flowers manages two private equity funds, J.C. Flowers I LP, closed in 2002 with $900 million of committed capital, and J.C. Flowers II LP, closed in 2006 with $7.0 billion of committed capital. Both funds are focused exclusively on the financial services sector. JC Flowers in Europe is led by its managing director, David Morgan.
JC Flowers' most notable investments include such financial services companies as:
JC Flowers has also been active in a number of high-profile contemplated transactions that did not occur.
In mid-2007, an investor group led by JC Flowers signed an agreement to purchase Sallie Mae for approximately $25 billion (USD), giving JC Flowers and Friedman Fleischer & Lowe 50.2 percent of the company. This deal fell through, however.
In late 2007, JC Flowers was one of the many companies bidding for the troubled British Bank, Northern Rock. They pulled out of the bidding in December.
On January 21, 2008, JC Flowers made an infomal bid of £4bn for Friends Provident. A revised bid of £3.5 billion was rejected On March 14, 2008, JC Flowers was reported to be in talks to buy troubled US investment bank Bear Stearns. On April 16, 2008, JC Flowers issued an offer to buy 24.9% of the shares of Hypo Real Estate Group at a price of €22.50 per share. End of 2006, JC Flowers purchased a company called PanEuroLife in Luxembourg and started to build the NewPELGroup.
In July 2010 JC Flowers announced its intention to purchase a stake in the UK's Kent Reliance Building Society and this deal was completed on 1 February 2011 with the formation of OneSavings Bank Plc.
In December 2012 JC Flowers was reported to have submitted a non-binding first-round bid for the 316 branches being re-auctioned by The Royal Bank of Scotland Group.
In July 2013, JC Flowers agreed to buy £450 million of loans belonging to struggling British bank Northern Rock.
In October 2016, JC Flowers aided the acquisition of retail stockbroker TD Direct Investing Europe by a smaller rival Interactive Investor to create the UK’s second-biggest online fund supermarket.

</doc>
<doc id="13957064" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13957064" title="AF Group">
AF Group

The AF Group ASA () () is the third largest civil engineering and construction company in Norway. The company headquarters is located in Oslo. The AF Group is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange.
The AF Group was established in 1985. The company eventually went into the oil and gas sector and built the landfall tunnel from the Troll Field in 1991, among other projects. AF merged with Ragnar Evensen in 1997, one of Oslo's largest contractors, which doubled AF's revenues.The acquisition of real estate-company Odin in 1997 was the basis for the business area Property, and AF built up the business areas demolition and recycling in the years that followed. The company took on the demolition of Sola Refinery in Jæren in 2000, one of the largest demolition projects in Norway. AF eventually became one of Norway’s biggest within demolition.
Today, the company is one of the largest providers of energy efficiency and renewable energy production. In 2013, Offshore was established as a separate business area, after several projects in the years before. The Offshore commitment was extended with maintenance and modification, as well as marine and rig services, and new contracts in the North Sea resulted in Environmental Base at Vats, a modern reception facility for decommissioned offshore installations.
Norway 
Sweden
The real estate division is responsible for developing the housing business and manages a number of properties in Eastern Norway and Western Sweden.
The building division of AF supplies new constructions, including residential buildings, office buildings, schools and cultural and institutional buildings.
Civil engineering is the largest division in the AF Group. It is divided into three business units: AF Civil Engineering, AF Harbour, AF Oil & Energy and has projects all over Norway, and western Sweden.
The environment division works with demolition and upgrading of older structures, including offshore installations for which it has built a top-modern decommissioning yard at Vats, near Haugesund. The division has offices in Norway, the United Kingdom and Poland.
The energy division works with designing, improving and optimizing energy solutions in buildings, constructions and ships and offshore installations. It has offices in Norway and China.

</doc>
<doc id="13957335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13957335" title="Kistefos">
Kistefos

Kistefos is a privately owned investment company owned by Christen Sveaas and led by CEO Tom Ruud. 
The company comprises wholly owned and part-owned industrial companies within offshore, shipping, and IT, as well as strategic investments in various listed and unlisted companies, principally within banking/ finance, telecommunications and property.
The company dates back to 1889 when Sveaas' family founded the lumber mill Kistefos Træsliberi.

</doc>
<doc id="13959271" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13959271" title="Salini Impregilo">
Salini Impregilo

Salini Impregilo S.p.A. () is an Italian industrial group specialised in the construction and civil engineering business headquartered in Milan. The company was formally founded in 2014 as the result of the merger by incorporation of Salini into Impregilo. Salini Impregilo is the largest Italian engineering and general contractor group and a global player in the construction sector.
The Group is active in over 50 countries of 5 continents (Africa, America, Asia, Europe Oceania) with 35,000 employees. Its experience ranges from the construction of dams, hydroelectric plants and hydraulic structures, water infrastructures and ports, to roads, motorways, railways, metro systems and underground works, to airports, hospitals and public and industrial buildings, to civil engineering for waste-to-energy plants and environmental protection initiatives It takes first place in the water sector of the Engineering News-Record rankings, the benchmark for the entire construction industry.
Salini Impregilo is listed on the Milan Stock Exchange. It is directed by Pietro Salini.
The company was founded as Impregilo in 1959 and expanded following a merger with and Lodigiani S.p.A. in 1990.
In 2011 Salini, privately held, began its acquisition of Impregilo with an initial purchase of shares, reaching 25% the following year. The acquisition set a precedent in Italy because it was the first proxy fight for control of a company to occur in the country. Despite the opposition it faced from a group of investors, Salini managed to convince enough shareholders at an assembly in July 2012 to approve its proposal to replace Impregilo’s board of directors with its own list of candidates. Once in place, these new members of the board approved Salini’s offer to buy the rest of Impregilo. Pietro Salini became chief executive. A few months later, the board approved Salini’s plan.
In 2013, Salini launched a tender offer to buy the remaining ordinary shares in Impregilo. In January 2014 the transaction was completed forming Salini Impregilo.
Salini Impregilo undertakes the following types of works: dams, hydroelectric power plants, railways, tunnels, undergrounds, bridges, viaducts, highways, roads, ports, airports and prestigious residential and office complexes. The Group operates in more than 50 countries on 5 continents and has 35,000 employees. It is organised into four business areas: Dams, hydroelectric plants and hydraulic works; Motorways and airports; Railways and undergrounds; Civil and industrial buildings.
With more than a century of engineering experience among the two founding companies of Salini Impregilo, the group’s track record includes 257 dams and hydroelectric plants; of railway lines; of underground works, 400 of which subway lines; of roads and highways; and 350 bridges and viaducts.
Projects in which Salini Impregilo has been involved include buildings, public utilities, motorways, underground works, airports, water supply systems, waste disposals, hospitals and land development. Some major examples include:
Salini Impregilo is also working on the Gotthard Base Tunnel. The Group is also leading a consortium for Red Line North, a part of the Doha Metro project in Qatar, which is expected to be completed in 2019.

</doc>
<doc id="13959400" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13959400" title="Viking Supply Ships">
Viking Supply Ships

Viking Supply Ships is a supply shipping company based in Kristiansand, Norway. Owned by Kistefos it owns four anchor handling tugs, six platform supply vessels and seven barges as well as for anchor handling tugs on order.
The barges are owned by the subsidiary Viking Barges, but are managed by Taubåtkompaniet. VSS also owns SBS Marine that operates six platform supply vessels. Along with Rederi Trans Atlantic Viking Supply Ships owns the joint venture Trans Viking Icebreaking & Offshore that operates icebreakers.

</doc>
<doc id="13959745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13959745" title="Trans Viking Icebreaking &amp; Offshore">
Trans Viking Icebreaking &amp; Offshore

Trans Viking Icebreaking & Offshore is an icebreaker shipping company. A joint venture between Viking Supply Ships and Rederi Transatlantic the company operates three icebreakers on contract with the Swedish Maritime Administration for icebreaking in the Baltic Sea from January through March. Commercial management is handled by VSS while Transatlantic is responsible for technical management.
The company was created in 1998 and has also contracted for four anchor handling tug supply vessels for delivery from Astilleros Zamakona during 2009-11. The company is based in Kristiansand, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="13961461" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13961461" title="Garden Networks">
Garden Networks

Garden Networks is a not-for-profit organization registered in Canada, that specializes in providing Internet anti-censorship/Internet privacy products for free. The full name of Garden Networks is Garden Networks for Freedom of Information.
Garden Networks was started in 2001 by a group of computer software and network engineers. In the same year, the first version of their software tool "Garden" was released, aiming at providing Internet access to web sites blocked by the Chinese government, including web sites of news agencies such as BBC, VOA, and spiritual groups such as Falun Dafa. Along the years, Garden Networks has continued this effort and released product upgrades and new products, combating the escalating Internet blockade of the Chinese government.
The products of Garden Networks provide English and Chinese user interface and are also used by people in other countries to circumvent national Internet censorship or to improve Internet privacy and protect themselves from Internet identify theft.
Garden is the first product release by Garden Networks. It works by providing an HTTP proxy server running on the user's local PC. The software then connects to one of the servers provided by Garden Networks to bypass firewalls at China's national gateway.
Garden provides an Internet Explorer Browser Helper Object (BHO) to enable a browser window to direct its traffic to the local proxy server. Activated by a blocked URL, Internet Explorer enters into a proxied mode automatically.
A year after Garden was released, Garden Networks releases a new product called Garden G2. This software tool provides a different way of accessing the back-end servers, and a different way of engaging proxying. Unlike Garden, in G2, proxying is triggered by DNS resolution in order to provide support for a wider range of applications.
GTunnel is the latest product released in October 2007. It features a new transport protocol which enables GTunnel to provide local SOCKS proxy support, and new working modes. GTunnel version 1.1 provides a standard mode, which is the main working mode and provides the best data transfer performance by connecting to the back-end servers directly, a Skype mode, and a Tor mode that go through computers in these P2P network. GTunnel also has an improved user interface which features real-time traffic graphs.
GTunnel replaces the earlier Garden and G2 client software and becomes the main client software of Garden Networks.
GTunnel works on Linux through Wine support.

</doc>
<doc id="13962023" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13962023" title="Royal BAM Group">
Royal BAM Group

Koninklijke BAM Groep ("Royal BAM Group") is a major European construction-services business with headquarters in Bunnik, Netherlands.
The company was founded by Adam van der Wal as a joiner's shop in 1869. It was renamed "Bataafsche Aanneming Maatschappij van Bouw- en Betonwerken" ('BAM') in 1927 and expanded through acquisition buying Interbuild in 1998, NBM-Amstelland in 2000 and Hollandsche Beton Groep (later HBG) in 2002.
The company's major operations include:
Projects completed by the company include the Amsterdam Arena football stadium for AFC Ajax in Amsterdam completed in 1996, the Antwerp Law Courts completed in 2005 and the Euroborg football stadium for FC Groningen in Groningen completed in 2006. The company was part of the Infraspeed consortium which handed over the HSL-Zuid high-speed railway line for commercial use in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="13965016" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13965016" title="Xobni">
Xobni

Xobni ("inbox" spelled backwards; pronounced ) was a San Francisco-based company that made software applications and services including products for Microsoft Outlook and mobile devices. It was founded in March 2006 by Adam Smith and Matt Brezina from Adam's dorm room in Cambridge, Massachusetts, as part of the Y Combinator summer founder's program. In late 2006, it relocated to San Francisco to be closer to Silicon Valley. It was acquired by Yahoo! in July 2013 for more than $60 million and shut down one year later.
Xobni's first product, was announced for private beta testing on September 18, 2007, at the TechCrunch 40 conference. It offered search and people-based navigation of Microsoft Outlook email archives. The company hinted at plans to offer the same functionality for other email clients. When the Outlook product was first launched, it was called Xobni Insight, and was soon changed to Xobni for Outlook, or simply Xobni.
Xobni received mostly positive coverage, although initial versions had performance problems on large inboxes. Many users found that the pre-installed version of Xobni (and possibly the manually installed equivalent) could not be removed. Some anti-virus software has also flagged Xobni as malware.
In February 2008, Xobni hired Jeff Bonforte, a vice president at Yahoo! and founder of defunct I-drive, as their CEO. In the same month, Bill Gates gave a demo of Xobni at the Office Developers' Conference. This led to rumors of a US$20 million acquisition by Microsoft, which the company reportedly rejected.
The company opened its beta to the public on May 5, 2008, and garnered coverage from the "Wall Street Journal", "New York Times", CNET, "Businessweek", "CIO Magazine", and TechCrunch.
On July 3, 2013, Xobni announced that it had been acquired by Yahoo! for an undisclosed sum, Yahoo! incorporated many of Xobni's features into Yahoo Mail, and Xobni’s CEO Jeff Bonforte became one of CEO Marissa Mayer’s "top deputies, overseeing communications products". However, in July 2014 Xobni was among the slew of products that were closed down in order to focus on its "core experiences".
While the product was in beta, some questioned how Xobni planned to make money and the scope of their products. In July 2009 Xobni released a paid version of its product called Xobni Plus. Xobni Plus included advanced search, appointment search, the ability to search multiple PST archives, no ads, and one-year support. In 2010, the company added more revenue-generating products, including a service to share Xobni data across multiple devices, and gadgets that bring third-party data into Outlook. The company promoted an enterprise business to sell directly and through reseller partnerships; as well as a platform for developers to create gadgets to run within Xobni's sidebar in Outlook. 
Xobni announced localized versions of their Outlook product (free and paid) for the French and German markets in 2010.
It announced its first for BlackBerry users in March 2010.
In September 2011, Xobni announced Smartr Inbox for Gmail and Smartr Contacts for Android. Smartr Contacts is a free app for the Android phone. Contacts are searchable and ranked by importance rather than alphabetically. Each profile has a photo, job title, company details, email history, common contacts and information from social networks. The app can be accessed on a phone home screen, via the main search bar, the widgets, or through the Smartr Contacts app. Lifehacker called Smartr Contacts for Android the "Best Address Book for the Android".
On January 24, 2012, Smartr Contacts for iPhone was released; one blog called it a "magic address book". The app identifies name and contact information for all contacts, including communication history and updates from Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter. Lifehacker called Smartr Contacts for iPhone the "Best Address Book for iPhone".
In March 2007, Xobni raised US$4.26 million from Vinod Khosla, First Round Capital, and Atomico, along with a number of angel investors including Ron Conway. In January, 2009, Xobni announced a $7 million B round of financing that added Cisco Systems and BlackBerry Partners Fund. The website CrunchBase also shows an additional $16.2 million investment in Xobni (April 2010) led by new investor RRE Ventures and Khosla Ventures, with participation from Baseline Ventures, Atomico, FirstRound Capital, BlackBerry Partners Fund, and Cisco. On February 27, 2012, another round of about $10 million was announced.
The initial releases of Xobni were criticized by tech bloggers and other journalists for stability and performance problems, as documented on the company's community forum. Other reviewers have criticized Xobni for monopolizing system resources, disabling other standard Outlook functionality like calendar appointments, and also deleting Outlook archives. Users have reported that these issues persist even in production (non-beta) versions. Some speculate these difficulties derive from engineering CPU and I/O intensive indexing on the closed source Microsoft Outlook platform, which has an extensive and heterogeneous deployment space with thousands of parameters to test. In 2008, blogger Om Malik wrote that the company would have to "raise gobs of additional money to fine-tune its product".
Since the initial release, the company received higher marks for the product's performance. Product reviews from CNET (5 stars) and "PC Magazine" (Editor's Choice) have expressed significantly improved performance and reliability with the Xobni for Outlook product. "Unlike many other Outlook add-ons, both free and upgraded versions of Xobni add functionality without greatly dragging down Outlook's performance." (CNET, 4/15/10)
With the release of the paid Xobni Plus product as of Xobni's 1.8 release, Xobni withdrew from its free version the capability to index multiple Outlook PST archives. Existing users still received this functionality in the free version, which led to some consternation among users of the free product.

</doc>
<doc id="13967432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13967432" title="Ithmaar Bank">
Ithmaar Bank

Ithmaar Bank B.S.C. is a Bahrain-based licensed Islamic retail bank, regulated by the Central Bank of Bahrain, that provides Sharia-compliant retail, commercial, treasury and other banking services.
Ithmaar Bank is a subsidiary of Dar Al-Maal Al-Islami Trust (DMI), and is listed on the Bahrain Bourse and the Kuwait Stock Exchange.
Ithmaar has a presence in overseas markets through its subsidiaries, associated and affiliated companies. These include Faysal Bank Limited (Pakistan), Faisal Private Bureau (Switzerland), Sakana Holistic Housing Solutions, Ithmaar Development Company Limited, Bahrain-based BBK, Solidarity (an Islamic insurance company), Naseej and Ithraa Capital (Kingdom of Saudi Arabia).
Ithmaar has signed an agreement with the Bahrain's Ministry of Housing to help address the Kingdom's housing challenges. This is a "first time home buyers" program which allows citizens to pay a fixed 25% of their income towards the mortgage with the balance being paid by the Ministry of Housing. The project was launched in 2013 to build more than 50,000 social and affordable housing units. The program began with initial funding of more than $450 million from Ithmaar Bank to build 2,800 housing units at Al Madina Al Shamaliya and Al Luwzi.

</doc>
<doc id="13969685" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13969685" title="Banco de Crédito e Inversiones">
Banco de Crédito e Inversiones

Banco de Crédito e Inversiones (BCI) is a Chilean bank specializing in savings & deposits, securities brokerage, asset management and insurance. BCI was the Latin American partner for Bear Stearns. BCI was formed by the Yarur family.
The Bank was founded in 1937 by Juan Yarur Lolas in order to support small and medium enterprises in Chile. His son, Jorge Yarur Banna, served as the second president until his death in 1991. Meanwhile, in 1970, a branch was bombed in Santiago. The current president, Luis Enrique Yarur Rey, is a third-generation member of the Yarur family.
BCI is a member of the International Confederation of Popular Banks (CIBP), international organization based in Brussels that brings together cooperative banks worldwide. Currently BCI is the third largest private bank in terms of loans and the fourth bank in number of customers, behind the privates Banco Santander, Chile and Banco de Chile, and the state Banco Estado.
In 2013 BCI purchased Miami, Florida based City National Bank of Florida for $882 million from Spanish lender Bankia. City National has 26 branches in South Florida and Orlando.

</doc>
<doc id="13970187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13970187" title="Heidenhain">
Heidenhain

Dr. Johannes Heidenhain GmbH is a privately owned enterprise located in Traunreut, Germany that manufactures numerical controls for machine tools, as well as mechatronic measuring devices for length and angle.
These linear and angle encoders are built for use in automated machines and systems, particularly in machine tools.
The company began as a metal etching factory founded in Berlin by Wilhelm Heidenhain in 1889 that manufactured templates, company plaques, product labels, and scales.
In 1928 Heidenhain invented the Metallur process. This lead-sulfide copying process made it possible for the first time to make exact copies of an original grating on a metal surface for industrial use. By 1943, Heidenhain was producing linear scales with accuracy of ± 15 µm and circular scale disks with accuracy of ± 3 angular seconds.
After World War II, in 1948, Dr. Johannes Heidenhain, a pupil of Otto Hahn, founded the present company in Traunreut.
Its invention of the Diadur process enabled it to apply very fine structures of chromium on suitable substrates, such as glass.
The Diadur process was the basis in 1952 for adding optical position measuring devices for machine tools to the product program. These were followed in 1961 by photoelectrically scanned linear and angle encoders.
In 1968 Heidenhain manufactured its first digital readouts.
The first Heidenhain numerical control was launched in 1976.
In 1987, a linear encoder series operating on the principle of light interference was introduced. It permitted measuring steps as fine as one nanometer.
According to Heidenhain, in 2006 the company had regional sales locations in 43 countries and employed about 7,000 people, 2,600 of whom worked in the main facility in Traunreut, Germany.
By the end of 2006 the company had manufactured about 10.5 million linear or angle encoders, 420,000 position displays and nearly 200,000 CNC controls.

</doc>
<doc id="13970439" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13970439" title="Coop Prix">
Coop Prix

Coop Prix is a chain of 315 discount stores throughout Norway managed by Coop Norge and owned by local cooperatives. The chain was created in 1990 for the cooperatives to be able to compete with other discount stores like REMA 1000 and RIMI.

</doc>
<doc id="13970573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13970573" title="Coop Mega">
Coop Mega

Coop Mega is a chain of supermarket stores throughout Norway managed by Coop Norge and owned by local cooperatives. 

</doc>
<doc id="13970806" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13970806" title="Coop Obs!">
Coop Obs!

Coop Obs! is a chain of 33 hypermarkets throughout Norway managed by Coop Norge and owned by local cooperatives. Prior to 2001 the stores were only branded as Obs!
Some of the Obs! stores have Coop Obs! Bygg construction and hardware stores co-located with them. 

</doc>
<doc id="13970863" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13970863" title="Coop Marked">
Coop Marked

Coop Marked is a chain of 384 local grocery stores throughout Norway managed by Coop Norge and owned by local cooperatives. The chain represents the smallest stores in the Coop range, and is predominantly used in rural areas too small to support Coop Prix stores.

</doc>
<doc id="13971392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13971392" title="Banco Português de Investimento">
Banco Português de Investimento

Banco Português de Investimento (BPI), ) is a major privately owned bank in Portugal. The bank's shares are listed in the Euronext Lisbon's PSI-20 stock index. It runs the banking business with companies, institutional and private clients. As "Sociedade Portuguesa de Investimentos" it was founded in 1981 by Artur Santos Silva. It is the third largest private Portuguese financial group with assets of €112.9 billion (in 2009). Chairman and CEO is Fernando Ulrich. The bank is headquartered in Porto. PSI-20
The commercial banking group Banco BPI has more than 1.4 million customers, individuals, businesses and institutions. Through its multi-channel distribution network with 674 branches, 30 investment centers and branches, the bank specializes in home loans through a network of outside companies. The bank is primarily active in Portugal and Spain, Angola and Mozambique. In Angola, BPI is the market leader in corporate banking and its activity reached a 25% market share on its 50.1% stake in Banco de Fomento Angola (BFA) with 750,000 customers (as at December 2010). In Mozambique, the BPI maintains a 30 percent stake in the bank BCI Fomento.
On 25 October 2007, BPI offered a merger proposal with Millennium BCP, the largest private bank of Portugal. However, the board of BCP rejected the proposal.
The largest shareholders of BPI are (as of August 2012): 46,22 percent of the shares are held by the Spanish bank CaixaBank after the acquisition of 18,9 percent of shares held by the Brazilian group Itaú Unibanco, the Angolan investor Isabel dos Santos holds shares of 19,4 percent and the German Allianz holds 8,8 percent.
The logo represents an orange blossom. Oranges are a symbol of the Portuguese economic expansion, since some countries have got to know oranges in contact with the Portuguese traders, hence the choice of the logo for the identity of the bank; in some languages the word orange is a variation of the word Portugal. When it was launched, it was the most expensive logo of a Portuguese company.

</doc>
<doc id="13973494" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13973494" title="TrønderEnergi">
TrønderEnergi

TrønderEnergi is a power company based in the municipality Trondheim, Norway that operates hydroelectric power plants and wind farms, as well as the power grid in parts of the county Sør-Trøndelag. The grid encompasses eleven municipalities, and current grid to 120.000 customers. Total electricity production is 2.0 TWh.
It also owns the Ugandan "Tronder Power Ltd.", which in 2008 built and since then operated Bugoye Power Station in southwestern Uganda. This with financial aid from the Norwegian stateowned equity company and Bugoye co-owner Norfund.
The company is entirely owned by 22 municipalities as well as Nordmøre Energiverk, though organized as a limited company. The owners are the municipalities of Agdenes (2.32%), Bjugn (5.69%), Frøya (2.75%), Hemne (4.88%), Hitra (2.54%), Holtålen (1.49%), Malvik (2.71%), Melhus (14.66%), Midtre Gauldal (3.51%), Nordmøre Energiverk (3.99%), Oppdal (3.25%), Orkdal (11.70%), Osen (1.02%), Rissa (8.87%), Roan (1.05%), Selbu (1.39%), Skaun (4.98%), Snillfjord (1.34%), TrønderEnergi (2.63%), Ørland (2.79%), Åfjord (4.15%), Trondheim (10.00%), Klæbu (0,10%).
The company was founded in 1950 as an inter-municipal agency named Sør-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk, later changing its name to Sør-Trøndelag Kraftselskap and finally to the limited company TrønderEnergi AS. In 2001 it merged with Melhus Energi. The same year TrønderEnergi bought 49% of the power company Nordmøre Energiverk. In 2010 it merged with Trondheim Energi Nett AS.

</doc>
<doc id="13973542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13973542" title="Melhus Energi">
Melhus Energi

Melhus Energi is a defunct power company that operated hydro electric power plants and the power grid in Melhus, Norway. Until it merged with TrønderEnergi in 2001 it was owned entirely by the municipality of Melhus.

</doc>
<doc id="13973583" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13973583" title="Vivox">
Vivox

Vivox, Inc provides managed communication services in the form of integrated voice chat, Instant Messaging (IM) and presence to online games, virtual worlds and other online communities. It is headquartered in Natick, Massachusetts, United States.
Vivox was founded by Jeff Pulver in 2005. On September 19, 2005 Vivox announced that they had received $6 million in venture capital funding from Canaan Partners and GrandBanks Capital.
On November 13, 2007 Vivox announced that they had secured $7.8 million in series B financing. The B round financing was led by Benchmark Capital and supported by existing investors Canaan Partners and GrandBanks Capital. With the support of Benchmark Capital, former CEO of JAMDAT Mobile, Mitch Lasky was added to the Vivox board of directors.
On February 2, 2010 Vivox announced that they had raised $6.8 Million in funding for their C round. The round was led by IDG Ventures and included follow on investment from existing investors, Benchmark Capital, Canaan Partners and GrandBanks Capital. In addition IDG Ventures, Managing Director, Phil Sanderson joined the Vivox Board.
On May 10, 2006 CCP Games and Vivox announced that EVE Online players would have real-time, in-game voice communication as the result of an agreement between the two companies. Vivox provided CCP with an integrated solution that allows players to speak with each other in-game, create audio conference channels for their gang, corporation or alliance.
On February 27, 2007, Vivox announced a partnership with Linden Labs and that they would provide integrated voice communications to the Second Life Grid. This included spatial audio that allows residents to hear each other based on their positions. This technology was licensed from DiamondWare Technologies.
During the 2008 Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, Vivox announced a partnership with Sony Online Entertainment. The agreement between the two companies brought integrated voice chat into all existing and planned SOE products including SOE's out of game communication application, Station Launcher. At this point the SOE games that include Vivox Voice are: EverQuest, APB, EverQuest 2, Star Wars Galaxies, and Planetside 2.
On May 13, 2008 Vivox and NCsoft announced a partnership that would bring voice to the NCsoft player community.
September 16, 2008 it was announced that Vivox would provide voice technology for 38 Studios upcoming MMO.
March 24, 2009 Vivox and Real Time Worlds declared that Vivox would provide voice for Real Time Worlds' MMO, APB. To be included in this integration is use of Vivox's spatial 3D voice capabilities.
Known integrations of Vivox's communications platform in online games and virtual worlds.
Known middleware integrations of Vivox's communications platform.
Certain Internet service providers of a few countries block the Vivox services from working (due to VoIP restriction laws), which will prevent it from working in any games that it's a part of. Countries include United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, and others.
C3 is a standalone voice-over-Internet-Protocol (VoIP) client where computer users are able to connect and speak with fellow computer users. C3 allows users to chat both through text and voice by creating chat channels with a maximum capacity of 100 users in each channel.
The target audience of C3 is gamers who can use the software to communicate with other gamers among the same guild, team, clan, etc. on an online multiplayer game (MMO). Voice communication allows for players to use teamwork to their advantage while creating a sense of online community.

</doc>
<doc id="13973689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13973689" title="Nordmøre Energiverk">
Nordmøre Energiverk

Nordmøre Energiverk is a power company based in the town of Kristiansund in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The company operates hydroelectric power plants and the power grid in the municipalities of Aure, Averøy, Kristiansund, Smøla and Tingvoll. Along with the municipalities, TrønderEnergi owns 49% of the company. The company also operates fiberoptic broadband in the region.
The company was created in 1991 after the merger of Nordmøre Interkommunale Kraftlag, Aure og Stemshaug Kraftlag, Averøya Kraftlag, Freiøya Kraftlag, Kristiansund Elektrisitetsverk, Smøla Kraftlag, Tingvoll Kommunale Kraftlag and Tustna Kraftlag. TrønderEnergi bought part of the company in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="13973930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13973930" title="Akershus Energi">
Akershus Energi

Akershus Energi is a Norwegian power company that produces hydroelectricity. 
The company is wholly owned by Akershus County Municipality.
Annual production is 2.3 TWh. There are five plants in Glomma, three in Haldensvassdraget, and two in Skiensvassdraget. 
The company was founded in 1922. Its first managing director was Augustin Paus.

</doc>
<doc id="13974383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13974383" title="Istad">
Istad

Istad AS is a power company based in the town of Molde in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. The company owns the power grid in the municipalities of Aukra, Eide, Fræna, Gjemnes, Midsund, and Molde. It also operates a fiberoptic broadband in Molde. The company owns a 25% stake in the power plants on the river Driva.
The company dates back to 1918, and got the present corporate structure in 1981. It is owned by Trondheim Energi (subsidiary of Statkraft, 49%), Molde Municipality (34%), and Moldekraft (17%).

</doc>
<doc id="13975185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13975185" title="MicroPlace">
MicroPlace

MicroPlace, was a US microfinance provider that focused on retail investors. Started by Tracey Pettengill Turner in 2006, MicroPlace was bought out by eBay Inc that same year.
MicroPlace provided everyday investors with the ability to make investments in the microfinance industry that had the potential to earn interest. This contrasts with most other services for microlenders, which generally rely on a charitable model.
The company acted as a broker-dealer and is registered with the SEC and is a member of FINRA.
MicroPlace was founded by Tracey Pettengill Turner and was bought by eBay for an undisclosed amount in 2006. Her hope is to expand the microfinancing industry from its current base of 100 million people to 1 billion people, with help from the middle class of affluent nations (the United States, European Union, etc.).
Ashwini Narayanan took over as the general manager of MicroPlace until 2012.
On January 14, 2014, MicroPlace announced that it would cease offering investments.

</doc>
<doc id="13975886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13975886" title="Isle of Man Bank">
Isle of Man Bank

Isle of Man Bank is a bank in the British Crown dependency of the Isle of Man, providing retail, private and business banking services to the local population. It is licensed by the Isle of Man Financial Services Authority in respect of deposit taking, investment business and registered as a general insurance intermediary.
Founded by Samuel Harris, Henry Noble, William Moore and William Callister, the Isle of Man Banking Co. Ltd. was established at Athol Street, Douglas on 26 October 1865. It was the first limited liability company enrolled on the register following the passage of the Companies Act 1865. The bank was acquired by National Provincial Bank in 1961, becoming a subsidiary of National Westminster Bank upon the merger of its parent with Westminster Bank in 1968 and joined The Royal Bank of Scotland Group in 2000, when NatWest was acquired by the Scottish bank.
The bank has six branches on the island: Douglas Athol Street, Douglas Regent Street, Ramsey, Peel, Castletown and Port Erin. Furthermore there is a mobile branch named "Penny", which visits parts of the island that do not have a branch such as Kirk Michael, Laxey and Onchan.

</doc>
<doc id="13976005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976005" title="Energiselskapet Buskerud">
Energiselskapet Buskerud

Energiselskapet Buskerud, branded as "EB" is a power company based in Drammen, Norway. The company operates electricity retailing, operates the power grid in Drammen, Nedre Eiker and Kongsberg and provides services within broadband. The company is owned by the City of Drammen (50%) and Buskerud County Municipality (50%). Power production has been spun off in the partially owned subsidiary EB Kraftproduksjon, where EB owns 70% and E-CO Energi owns 30%.
The first power plant operated by the company, Granfoss power plant, was established in 1903. In 1991 Drammen Energiverk is transformed to the limited company Drammen Kraft. In 1997 it established Drammen Kraft Produksjon in cooperation with Oslo Energi. In 1999 Drammen Kraft and the county owned Buskerud Energi were merged to create EB. In 2003 it bought ten power plants form Norske Skog.

</doc>
<doc id="13976141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976141" title="EB Kraftproduksjon">
EB Kraftproduksjon

EB Kraftproduksjon AS is a Norwegian power company that operates 31 hydroelectric power plants, primarily in Buskerud, with total average annual production of 2.3 TWh. The company is owned by Energiselskapet Buskerud (70%) and E-CO Energi (30%).

</doc>
<doc id="13976335" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976335" title="Troms Kraft">
Troms Kraft

Troms Kraft is a power company that operates twelve hydroelectric power plants and the power grid in fifteen municipalities in Troms, Norway. The retail division has 100,000 customers and traded 5 TWh of electricity in 2006, in addition to 40 GWh of district heating. The company operates a fiberoptic broadband service in Tromsø. The company is also planning to construct Fakken windfarm.
The subsidiaries of the company, includes Kraft & Kultur AB.

</doc>
<doc id="13976569" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976569" title="British Insulated Callender's Cables">
British Insulated Callender's Cables

British Insulated Callender's Cables (BICC) was a 20th-century British cable manufacturer and construction company, now renamed after former subsidiary Balfour Beatty.
British Insulated Callender's Cables was formed in 1945 by the merger of two long established cable firms, Callender's Cable & Construction Company Limited and British Insulated Cables. Subsidiaries could trace their roots back to submarine cable manufacturing on the Thames in the 1850s. The company was renamed BICC Ltd in 1975.
Callender's, originally an importer and refiner of bitumen for road construction, began manufacturing insulated cables in the 1880s at their Erith site on the Thames. British Insulated Cables had its origins in 1890 in the British Insulated Wire Company of Prescot, near Liverpool. Cable manufacture remained at both sites throughout the history of BICC.
Among the many early companies absorbed into BICC was the Greenwich firm Telegraph Construction and Maintenance Company (Telcon). This made the 1865 and 1866 transatlantic cables and (as its forerunner Glass, Elliot & Co), the 1857 and 1858 cables.
Constituent companies of BICC played significant roles in construction of the British National Grid in the 1930s. Callender's for example constructed the 132 kV crossing of the Thames at Dagenham with overhead cables spanning 3060 feet (932m) between two 487 ft (148m) towers, and allowing 250 ft (76m) clearance for shipping. Companies including Glovers at Trafford Park and Callender's at Erith contributed to manufacturing PLUTO.
BICC had a world presence which was initially in the Commonwealth but in the 1980s and 1990s extended into mainland Europe and beyond. Acquisition of Spanish and Portuguese companies gave entry in turn to South America and other parts of Africa. Disastrous investments in former East Germany and Russia helped bring the business to its knees at the same time as margins in every other part of the cable-making businesses came under attack.
In the 1970s the firm had UK works at Erith, Prescot, Kirkby, Leyton, Helsby, Leigh, Melling, Wrexham, Blackley, Belfast and Huyton (now Hi-Wire UK Ltd) making electric power cables, telecommunications cables and metals. BICC's (originally Callender's) research and engineering laboratories at a former power station site in White City, London was close to Ormiston House, William Ormiston Callender's house of the 1870s. In 1988 the research and engineering facilities moved to new premises at the company's Wrexham and Helsby sites.
In January 1991 the British Copper Refiners subsidiary in Prescot was closed with the loss of 230 jobs. In 1999 the ailing BICC sold its optical cables business to Corning and power cables businesses to General Cable Corporation, which subsequently sold on parts to Pirelli.
Closure of part the Erith works by Pirelli was announced in 2002, with production of oil-filled cable transferred to their Eastleigh works in Hampshire. Pirelli subsequently sold off their cable operations, now known as Prysmian.
BICC also owned construction company Balfour Beatty and, following sale of its cable operations, BICC renamed itself "Balfour Beatty" in 2000.
The BICC name still survives in 2010 at the General Cable owned BICC Egypt; a power-cable plant near Cairo.
This was an amateur brass band, active between 1898 and 1961, of which all members were employees of Callender's at Erith. They rehearsed and performed in their leisure time, while the company in its role of patron lent its name and supplied uniforms and instruments. The band broadcast prolifically on BBC Radio in the 1920s and 1930s.

</doc>
<doc id="13976698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976698" title="Maersk Drilling">
Maersk Drilling

Maersk Drilling is a drilling rig operator based in Copenhagen, Denmark. It is a subsidiary of the A.P. Moller – Maersk Group, established in 1972. Maersk Drilling is one of the A.P. Moller – Maersk Group's core businesses.
Maersk Drilling owns 24 rigs. The fleet includes five Ultra-Harsh jack-ups, four XL Enhanced jack-ups (including one newbuild which is set for delivery in late 2016), seven Harsh environment jack-ups, four semi-submersibles and four Ultra deepwater drillships. 
Maersk Drilling is among others a market leader in challenging Norwegian jack-up market with a market share of 7 out of 12 rigs (2016).
Maersk Drilling is part of the A.P. Moller - Maersk Group - a worldwide conglomerate with 89,000 employees and offices in 135 countries, headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark. The company is listed on the Copenhagen Stock Exchange. On 21 June 1972 Mærsk Storm Drilling Company and Atlantic Pacific Marine Corporation were established with the purpose of purchasing two semi-subs and two barge rigs. These were the very early days of Maersk Drilling. Today, Maersk Drilling’s fleet includes some of the industries youngest and most advanced harsh environment jack-up rigs, jack-ups rigs, Deepwater semi-submersibles and Ultra deepwater drillships.
Egyptian Drilling Company (EDC) is a 50/50 joint venture between Maersk Drilling and the Egyptian General Petroleum Corporation. EDC owns and operates a fleet of more than 60 land rigs and five jack-up rigs in the Middle East.
Maersk Drilling's fleet includes: 
Maersk Drilling has invested more than USD 8.0 bn total in eight highly advanced newbuilds delivered between 2014-2016. The newbuilds includes 4 Ultra deepwater drillships and 4 XL Enhanced jack-ups. 
Having already taking delivery of three state-of-the-art XLE Jack-Ups, Maersk Intrepid, Maersk Interceptor and Maersk Integrator, a fourth and final XL Enhanced jack-up will soon be delivered by late 2016, hereby cementing Maersk Drilling's position as an industry leader in the North Sea, with the most advanced Jack-Up drilling rigs in existence. All of the newbuilds have been customized to handle demanding and complex well drilling operations in the North Sea.
Maersk Drilling is a considerable player in the ultra deepwater market with four newbuilding drillships. The drillships are purpose-built for safe operations under extreme conditions.
The design and capacities of the new drillships include additional features for high efficiency operation. Featuring dual derrick and large subsea work and storage areas, the design allows for efficient well construction and field development activities through parallel and offline activities.
The 228-metre long drillships will be able to operate at water depths up to 3,650 m (12,000 ft) and will be capable of drilling wells of more than 12,000 m (40,000 ft) deep. With their advanced positioning control systems, the ships automatically maintain a fixed position in severe weather conditions with waves up to 11 metres high and wind speeds up to 26 metres per second.

</doc>
<doc id="13976722" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976722" title="Petrojack">
Petrojack

Petrojack was a Norwegian offshore drilling rig operator. The company had two jackup rigs under order from Jurong Shipyard in Singapore, while it sold its two former rigs "Petrojack I" and "Petrojack III" to Maersk Drilling. The company was founded in 2004 and was listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange the next year. The largest shareholders were Petrolia Drilling (40%), Awilco Offshore (18%) and Sinvest (18%).
In week 47 2009, Petrojack's stock value went up from 0,90 NOK per share to a maximum of 7,12 NOK per share. On the first day of this extreme rise, at 09:49, the stock was suspended because the share price rose 64% without any statement from the company itself. The stock was reopened 11 minutes later at 10:00.
Petrojack reportedly went bankrupt toward the end of 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="13976966" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13976966" title="Mamiye Brothers">
Mamiye Brothers

Mamiye Brothers is family owned and operated company founded in 1947 in New York, New York that is a manufacturer of branded children's and teen's apparel. Some of the clothing brands licensed or directly owned by Mamiye include: Flapdoodles, Little Me, Guess Kids, Wallflower and Kensie. Mamiye Brother products are distributed to mass market retailers such as department stores and specialty stores throughout the United States.
Mamiye acquired Flapdoodles Apparel launching and juniors jeanswear in 2005 and the company bought the rights to produce Bongo's branded apparel in 2006.
In 2007 the company purchased the "Little Me" kids clothing brand from S. Schwab Company. The S. Schwab Company closed its "Little Me" operation after the sale, letting go of most "Little Me" employees. "Little Me"

</doc>
<doc id="13977663" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13977663" title="Kongsberg Automotive">
Kongsberg Automotive

Kongsberg Automotive Holding ASA is an automotive parts manufacturer based in Kongsberg, Norway. The company produces a broad range of parts with production plants throughout the world. The company is listed on the Oslo Stock Exchange with the ticker symbol KOA.
The company started as a division of Kongsberg Våpenfabrikk in 1957 with an agreement with Volvo to produce brakes for the company's trucks. In the 1970s the division expanded with factories in Hvittingfoss and Rollag. On 24 March 1987, the division was demerged as a separate company. On 1 January 2008, Kongsberg bought out the automotive division of Teleflex Automotive.

</doc>
<doc id="13978092" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13978092" title="HelgelandsKraft">
HelgelandsKraft

HelgelandsKraft is a power company that serves Helgeland in Norway. It owns eight hydro electric Power Plants with average annual production of 678 GWh as well as the power grid in the fourteen municipalities of Helgeland, that also own the company. It also operates district heating in Mo i Rana and a private equity company.
The company is owned by the municipalities of Alstahaug (10,1%), Brønnøy (9,6%), Dønna (4,4%), Grane (2,5%), Hattfjelldal (2,5%), Hemnes (7,0%), Herøy (3,8%), Leirfjord (3,2%), Nesna (4,6%), Rana (26,8%), Sømna (3,2%), Vefsn (18,3%), Vega (2,8%) and Vevelstad (1,2%).
The companies roots date back to 1895 when Båsmo Gruber installed the district's first electric generator. In 1907 the first hydroelectric power plant was built in Helgeland, at Revelfossen in Tverråga. Through a number of mergers between the various municipal power companies AL Helgeland Kraftlag was created in 1964. Because of new regulations in the 1990s it was transformed to a limited company.

</doc>
<doc id="13978307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13978307" title="Robne kuće Beograd">
Robne kuće Beograd

Robne kuće Beograd (Serbian Cyrillic: Робне куће Београд д.о.о.) (eng. Belgrade department store) is a chain of department stores across Serbia. The department stores were successfully auctioned off on 29 October 2007, to Verano Motors for 360 million euros.

</doc>
<doc id="13979759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13979759" title="Ibex Outdoor Clothing">
Ibex Outdoor Clothing

Ibex Outdoor Clothing, LLC is a producer of wool clothing designed for outdoor use sold through a website and retailers. For the year 2001 Ibex made US$1.5 million in sales.
The company began when Peter Helmetag and John Fernsell met in 1997. Fernsell said “Everything looked the same and didn’t work. It was all either Gore-Tex or polyester fleece.”
Ibex uses wool as the primary fabric for all its clothing, citing its ability to regulate temperature, anti-microbial properties, ability to wick away sweat, and its resistance to wear. Merino wool is often used for lighter-weight or casual products, while coarser wool is used for outerwear, such as jackets, vests, often with a Merino lining.
Ibex uses Vermont CVPS Cow Power to generate electricity in a sustainable fashion. According to Business Wire, Ibex consumed over 36,000 kilowatt-hours of electricity in cow power over the year 2005–2006.

</doc>
<doc id="13980002" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13980002" title="Orange RDC">
Orange RDC

Orange RDC (formerly Congo Chine Télécoms or CCT) is a telecommunications company operating in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The company was originally a joint venture of Chinese company ZTE, who owned 51%, and the Congolese state, who owned 49%. The company's mobile network began operating in 2001. Its head offices are located in Kinshasa. Orange RDC has about 100 employees. In October 2011 France Télécom (now Orange S.A.) acquired 100% of the company and was renamed Orange RDC on 5 December 2012.
Orange RDC offers telephony, mobile phone and internet service.
As of December 2012, Orange RDC has 1.8 million mobile customers.
Orange RDC markets a set of localized menus ("Kit A12+") in Lingala, Tshiluba, French, Kongo, and Swahili.

</doc>
<doc id="13982155" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13982155" title="Building a Better Legal Profession">
Building a Better Legal Profession

Building a Better Legal Profession (BBLP) is a national grassroots organization founded by students at Stanford Law School in January 2007. The group collects and publicizes employment data at large private law firms as a way of encouraging workplace reform at these companies. By encouraging students to "vote with their feet" and select future employers based on quality-of-life criteria rather than the prestige of the firms, BBLP creates market-based incentives for workplace reform.
Using data from the National Association for Legal Career Professionals (NALP) a system of report cards and rankings of law firms has been created. BBLP uses data from 11 major markets in the United States to show prospective attorneys what they can expect from a potential law firm should they receive a job offer. Rankings cover an array of information that is important to future lawyers including firms’ minimum billable hour requirements, average associate hours worked, demographic diversity, average pro bono hours, and the number of part-time attorneys.
Rankings and Report Cards are available for the following markets:
In April 2009 Kaplan published "Building a Better Legal Profession's Guide to Law Firms: The Law Students Guide to Finding the Perfect Law Firm Job". Including much of what BBLP publishes online, the guide gives career guidance and stories from the professionals already at the legal firms reviewed. Integrating expert advice and knowledge from big law attorneys and professionals, the guide was written for and by law students in an effort to provide insight on what it's really like to interview with and work inside a large law firm.
Building a Better Legal Profession has over 1400 members across the country, with a presence at Stanford Law School, Harvard Law School, Yale Law School, Columbia Law School and NYU Law School, among others.
Garnering significant media attention in traditional media with coverage from the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, and The Boston Globe, BBLP has been covered in legal newspapers and journals as well including articles from Legal Times, the ABA Journal, and the National Law Journal. Legal and law interested bloggers have also made the efforts of BBLP widely known, such attention has spanned popular legal blog sites like Above the Law (blog) to The New Republic blog.

</doc>
<doc id="13982712" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13982712" title="BE&amp;K">
BE&amp;K

BE&K, Inc., based in Birmingham, Alabama, is a global engineering and construction company. BE&K is named after its founders Peter Bolvig, William Edmonds, and Ted Kennedy and was founded in 1972 after the three men left the Birmingham based Rust International to start their own company. The company originally was focused on engineering and construction for the pulp and paper industry. Today BE&K has offices throughout the US and in Europe through BE&K International.
BE&K's Family of Companies includes Saginaw, SW&B Construction Corporation, As-Built Services, QBEK, The BE&K Building Group, BE&K Government Group, BE&K International, Rintekno, Allstates Technical Services and NorthStar Communications Group.
On May 7, 2008 the company announced that it would be acquired by the Houston, Texas-based construction firm KBR, Inc. for $550 million. The company plans to remain headquartered in Birmingham.

</doc>
<doc id="13982848" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13982848" title="Guy Gannett Communications">
Guy Gannett Communications

Guy Gannett Communications was a family-owned business consisting of newspapers in Maine and a handful of television stations in the eastern United States. The company was founded by its namesake, Guy P. Gannett, in 1921, and managed by a family trust from 1954 to 1998, when it sold most of its properties to The Seattle Times Company and Sinclair Broadcast Group.
William Howard Gannett, of Augusta, Maine, first published "Comfort" magazine in 1888—an eight-page advertisement for a patent medicine—but it was his son, Guy Patterson Gannett, who headed the push into daily journalism. After a stint helping with the magazine after his 1901 graduation from Yale University, the junior Gannett went into local politics. By 1920, he was a prominent citizen in Portland and two daily newspaper owners—representing the "Portland Herald" and the "Portland Daily Press"—had asked him to buy them out. Gannett invested in both companies.
In 1921, he completed his purchase of the two Portland papers, merging them into one "Portland Press Herald", and also bought the "Waterville Morning Sentinel" in Waterville, Maine. In 1925 he added, for US$550,000, the Portland "Evening Express and Daily Advertiser" and "Portland Sunday Telegram". Four years later, Guy Gannett Publishing Co. tacked on the "Kennebec Journal" in Augusta.
At first, the company expanded beyond newspapers with WGAN radio (1938) and television (1954) stations in Portland only (WGAN-TV was renamed WGME in the 1980s). In 1967, Guy Gannett began to buy television properties outside Maine.
On February 1, 1991, succumbing to industry-wide declines in revenues at afternoon newspapers, Guy Gannett closed the Evening Express and merged it with the Portland Press Herald. Daily circulation of the "Express" was given at 22,000 to 23,000.
In early 1998, the family trust decided to sell the company, leading to worries among some, such as "Press Herald" managing editor Curt Hazlett, that the Guy Gannett papers could lose the qualities he associated with family-owned journalism:
Although they entertained offers from Journal Register Company and MediaNews Group, which had strong properties in nearby Massachusetts, Guy Gannett's managers decided to sell their newspapers to The Seattle Times Company, which had previously operated only within the state of Washington. Seattle Times, run by the fourth generation of the Blethen family, which had its roots in Maine, won out because of shared values.
"Of all the companies in the newspaper business, The Seattle Times is one most like our company in the sense of independence, of family ownership, and commitment to the community," said Guy Gannett spokesman Tim O'Meara. Frank Blethen, the "Seattle Times" publisher, agreed: "One of our key phrases is that we make money to print newspapers, not the other way around," he said.
Blethen said he had developed "a real emotional connection" to the Maine papers after making several "family pilgrimages" to the home of his ancestor, Col. Alden Blethen, who had been a schoolteacher and lawyer in Maine before purchasing "The Seattle Press-Times" in 1896. The "Kennebec Journal", "Maine Sunday Telegram", "Morning Sentinel" and "Portland Press Herald", along with associated weeklies, were reorganized as Blethen Maine Newspapers, an independent division of The Seattle Times Company. The price of the deal was not disclosed publicly but was later estimated at $213 million, based on company documents.
A week after the Blethen sale, Guy Gannett unloaded most of its television stations in a US$310 million deal with Sinclair Broadcast Group.
At the time of its sale in 1998, Guy Gannett Communications consisted of three daily newspapers in Maine, a few related publishing products, and seven television stations.
The newspapers and related companies were sold to The Seattle Times Company and reorganized as a subsidiary company, Blethen Maine Newspapers; the newspaper chain would be sold to news owners in 2009, becoming MaineToday Media. Six of the television stations were sold to Sinclair Broadcast Group; WOKR was sold to Ackerley Group, later to be purchased by Deerfield Media, which is operated by Sinclair through a LMA.
Stations are arranged alphabetically by state and by city of license.

</doc>
<doc id="13983139" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13983139" title="Interdata">
Interdata

Interdata, Inc., was a computer company, founded in 1966 by a former Electronics Associates engineer, Daniel Sinnott, and was based in Oceanport, New Jersey. The company produced a line of 16- and 32-bit minicomputers that were loosely based on the IBM 360 architecture but at a cheaper price. In 1974, it produced one of the first 32-bit minicomputers, the Interdata 7/32. The company then used the parallel processing approach, where multiple tasks were performed at the same time, making real-time computing a reality.
In 1973 it was purchased by Perkin-Elmer Corporation, a Connecticut-based producer of scientific instruments for $63.6 million. Interdata was already making $19 million in annual sales but this merger made Perkin-Elmer's annual sales rise to over $200 million. Interdata then became the basis for Perkin-Elmer's Data Systems Group. In 1985, the computing division of Perkin-Elmer was spun off as Concurrent Computer Corporation, now located in Atlanta, Georgia.
A simulator is available: http://simh.trailing-edge.com/interdata.html

</doc>
<doc id="13984380" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984380" title="Norsk Medisinaldepot">
Norsk Medisinaldepot

Norsk Medisinaldepot AS is a pharmaceutics and healthcare products wholesaler in Norway. It also operates the pharmacy chains Vitusapotek and the franchise chain Ditt Apotek. NMD is part of the Celesio group and has a total of 185 pharmacies in Norway. The company is based in Oslo.
NMD was created on November 1, 1957 as a government agency that functioned as pharmaceutical wholesaler throughout Norway. It took over this responsibility from five private companies. In 1992 the company bough Apotekernes Fællesindkjøp, previously owned by the pharmacies and that had imported and wholesaled medical equipment. In 1995 two competitors entered the market: Apokjeden (owned by Tamro) and Alliance Unichem. Two years later Storting decided to privatize NMD, and sold 17% to the Dutch Apothekers Coöperatie, and the state ownership was transferred from the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services to the Norwegian Ministry of Trade and Industry. Also, the medical equipment subsidiary was sold to the Dutch company. In 1999 2% of the company was sold to 223 pharmacies throughout the country.
On March 1, 2001 the new "Pharmacy Act" was established, allowing free establishment of pharmacies in Norway. At the same time the state decided to not have any ownership in NMD, and sold its part, along with the rest of the owners, to Celesio. After the deregulation of market almost all pharmacies have been bought by the three wholesaler groups, and NMD created two subsidiaries, NMD Grossisthandel for wholesale and Vitusapotek to operate the pharmacies. In 2007 these were both merged with the mother company. 

</doc>
<doc id="13984509" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984509" title="Apotekernes Fællesindkjøp">
Apotekernes Fællesindkjøp

Apotekernes Fællesindkjøp was a Norwegian wholesaler company owned by the pharmacies that provided them with healthcare products. The company was bought in 1992 by the state owned Norsk Medisinaldepot who at the time was the sole wholesaler of pharmaceuticals in the country.

</doc>
<doc id="13984568" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984568" title="Vitusapotek">
Vitusapotek

Vitusapotek is a chain of 200 pharmacies in Norway owned and run by Norsk Medisinaldepot, a subsidiary of the German company Celesio AG. The chain is based in Oslo, and is the second largest in Norway, after Apotek1. 
The chain was established in 2001 after the deregulation of the pharmacy market in Norway. The sister company Ditt Apotek is a franchise chain for independent pharmacies. Until 2007 the chain was a separate company, but is now merged into the mother company along with the wholesaler NMD Grossisthandel.

</doc>
<doc id="13984601" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984601" title="Ditt Apotek">
Ditt Apotek

Ditt Apotek is a chain of 80 pharmacies owned and run by independent pharmacists on franchise from Norsk Medisinaldepot, a subsidiary of Celesio. The chain is the fourth largest, and thus smallest, in Norway. The chain was established in 2001 after the deregulation of the pharmacy market in Norway. The sister company Vitusapotek operates 133 pharmacies owned by the mother company.
Among the members are the four state owned pharmaceutical trusts that operate the pharmacies at the hospitals: Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust, Western Norway Pharmaceutical Trust, Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust and Northern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="13984711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984711" title="Apotek 1 Gruppen">
Apotek 1 Gruppen

Apotek 1 Gruppen AS is a Norwegian pharmacy wholesaler ("Apokjeden Distribusjon AS") and retailer (Apotek 1) owned by German Phoenix Pharmahandel. It owns the largest pharmacy chain in Norway, Apotek 1. The company started a cooperation with a number of pharmacists who wanted a wholesaler independent of the state owned Norsk Medisinaldepot in 1995, when most pharmacies in the country joined the company. 1997 saw the first attempts to brand the pharmacies, as Plussapotek. The first branded pharmacy as Apotek 1 was launched in 1999 in Manglerud Senter. In 2001, the pharmacy market was deregulated, and Tamro was at first chosen as a wholesaler, before eventually buying the entire company in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="13984781" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984781" title="Apotek 1">
Apotek 1

Apotek 1 is a large pharmacy chain in Norway, owned by Apotek 1 Gruppen AS with more than 300 outlets all over Norway. The chain was established in 1999, expanded massively since the deregulation in 2001, and now has a 40% market share.

</doc>
<doc id="13984899" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13984899" title="Alliance Apotek">
Alliance Apotek

Alliance Apotek was a pharmacy chain in Norway owned by Alliance Boots that operated ca.140 outlets throughout the country. The chain was established in 2001 after the deregulation of the pharmacy market in Norway. 
Today the outlets have become Boots pharmacies.

</doc>
<doc id="13985046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985046" title="Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust">
Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust

Central Norway Pharmaceutical Trust () is a health trust owned by Central Norway Regional Health Authority that operates four hospital pharmacies at St. Olavs Hospital in Trondheim, Kristiansund Hospital, Molde Hospital and Ålesund Hospital. The pharmacies are part of the Ditt Apotek chain and use Norsk Medisinaldepot as wholesaler. The hospitals in Levanger, Namsos and Orkanger do not use the trust for their pharmacies.

</doc>
<doc id="13985114" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985114" title="Western Norway Pharmaceutical Trust">
Western Norway Pharmaceutical Trust

Western Norway Pharmaceutical Trust () is a health trust owned by Western Norway Regional Health Authority that operates four hospital pharmacies at Haukeland University Hospital in Bergen, Stavanger Hospital, Haugesund Hospital and Førde Hospital. The pharmacies are part of the Ditt Apotek chain and use Norsk Medisinaldepot as wholesaler.

</doc>
<doc id="13985162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985162" title="Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust">
Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust

Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust () is a health trust owned by Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority that operates nineteen hospital pharmacies. The pharmacies are part of the Ditt Apotek chain and use Norsk Medisinaldepot as wholesaler.
The pharmacies are located at Ullevål University Hospital, Rikshospitalet, Radiumhospitalet, Lørenskog Hospital, Aker University Hospital, Asker og Bærum Hospital, Drammen Hospital, Tønsberg Hospital, Skien Hospital, Arendal Hospital, Arendal Hospital, Kristiansand Hospital, Fredrikstad Hospital, Sarpsborg Hospital, Moss Hospital, Kongsvinger Hospital, Elverum Hospital, Hamar Hospital, Gjøvik Hospital and Lillehammer Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="13985187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985187" title="Northern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust">
Northern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust

Hospital Pharmacy of North Norway Trust (, ) is a health trust owned by Northern Norway Regional Health Authority that operates six hospital pharmacies. The pharmacies are part of the Ditt Apotek chain and use Norsk Medisinaldepot as wholesaler.
The pharmacies are located at Tromsø University Hospital, Bodø Hospital, Harstad Hospital, Narvik Hospital, Lofoten Hospital and Stokmarknes Hospital.

</doc>
<doc id="13985417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985417" title="Hotel Chocolat">
Hotel Chocolat

Hotel Chocolat is a British chocolatier and cocoa grower, with over seventy shops in the United Kingdom. Hotel Chocolat is the only company in the United Kingdom to grow cocoa on its own plantation.
In 1988, Angus Thirlwell and Peter Harris began designing and selling mints as "MMC", before moving to chocolates, some five years later. Rebranded as "Geneva Chocolates", the current co-founders of Hotel Chocolat adapted trade to the catalogue-based world and before long, had steered towards the name "Choc Express". Throughout these next few years, Angus and Peter had turned their focus on making this brand of exclusive chocolates available to UK consumers. 
In 1998, the Chocolate Tasting Club was launched in Britain, and now currently has around 100,000 members. To date, the Tasting Club has trialled over 1,500 different recipes. As detailed on their website, the Chocolate Tasting Club sends out boxes to customers all over the country, and each month.
In 2003, Choc Express rebranded as Hotel Chocolat and launched its first retail store in the centre of Watford. The company then grew initially to having four stores in the East Anglian area, with stores in Milton Keynes, Cambridge and St Albans opening between 2005 and 2006. Today, the company has over 70 around the UK.
In 2006, the company officially acquired the Rabot Estate in Saint Lucia, West Indies, and is, to date, the only company in the UK to own its own cocoa plantation. This plantation is one of the reasons given for the company choosing not to be Fair Trade-accredited, as only smallholdings are allowed. 
In 2011, Hotel Chocolat opened its Boucan Hotel in Saint Lucia, West Indies. The hotel sits on the Rabot Estate which is perched high up between the Piton mountains. The hotel currently has six lodges and a cocoa-inspired Boucan Restaurant.
Hotel Chocolat has been awarded Emerging Retailer of the Year by "Retail Week" and nominated as one of the UK’s CoolBrands. The company was also awarded the silver prize in the 2009 Academy of Chocolate awards.
In September 2012, The company opened their second Scottish store in Aberdeen.
In November 2013, Hotel Chocolat opened two UK restaurants, Rabot 1745 in London's Borough Market, and Roast + Conch in Leeds.
The Rabot Estate is in the south west of St Lucia, near Soufrière, the original French capital. St Lucia lies in the cocoa belt which girdles the earth, plus or minus 20 degrees latitude from the Equator. The estate is divided up into 16 different "cortès" or areas of "terroir", with names steeped in history, such as L’Hermitage, Ti Jardin, Marcial, Mathilde and Rameau. The cocoa trees of Rabot Estate are primarily Trinitario species rich in Criollo genes, and with new trees continually being planted, record quantities of cocoa are being harvested .
The Rabot Estate is part of Hotel Chocolat’s 'Engaged Ethics' Cocoa Programme (HCCAPEE). Over a hundred new jobs have been created since the estate’s opening, and with prices guaranteed to be 30–40% above the world market price of cocoa, as well as being paid within a week of selling their crops, local farmers are provided with a secure income.

</doc>
<doc id="13985511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13985511" title="Environics">
Environics

Environics Research Group is a Canadian polling and market research firm based in Toronto, with offices in Ottawa and Calgary. The company was founded in 1970; its founding president is Michael Adams and its CEO is Barry Watson.
The company's opinion polls are often cited in Canadian news media.
In addition to Environics Research Group, the Environics group of companies includes Environics Analytics, an affiliated company that specializes in geodemographic segmentation, Environics Communications, a public affairs and communications consultancy, Nexalogy Environics, a leading-edge social media analysis company, Free For All Marketing, a leading experiential and event marketing firm, and Environics Lipkin, a global research and motivation company.
Environics Analytics' is a Canadian marketing and analytical services company, established in 2003, by founder and current President Jan Kestle. The company is based in Toronto, Ontario. Environics Analytics was one of a group of companies to object to the removal of the Canada 2011 Census long form.

</doc>
<doc id="13987009" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13987009" title="Vigier Guitars">
Vigier Guitars

Vigier Guitars is a French electric guitar, bass, and string manufacturer based in Grigny, Essonne. Patrice Vigier founded the company in 1980. In addition to manufacturing, the company is also active in the import and wholesale distribution of musical instruments, amplifiers, and accessories through its division "High Tech Distribution".
Patrice Vigier, a self-taught luthier from les Ulis, began modifying guitars and building finished necks at the end of the 1970s. He later built his first fretless guitar with a glass fingerboard. Through a friend, Philippe Lacour of Distribution Music, Vigier met his first customers in Montparnasse. In 1980, he founded the company, "Vigier," and introduced his first model, the "Arpege," at a music fair. That guitar featured:
Another model came equipped with a built-in equalizer and sound memory system called Nautilus. Vigier launched two other models: the "Passion" in 1983 and the "Marilyn" in 1985. In 1986, Vigier diversified by creating a wholesale division to import and distribute instruments, amplifiers, and accessories. Distributed brands included Ampeg, DiMarzio, Ernie Ball, Music Man, Orange, Premier, and Trace Elliot. Two years later, Vigier renamed the division "High Tech Distribution" to separate the manufacturing and distribution operations. In the 1990s, Vigier introduced new models. The Excalibur came in 1991, its fretless variant, the Surfreter in 1998, and the Excess bass in 1996. 
In 2000, Vigier celebrated its 20th anniversary with an Excalibur Surfreter adorned with gold, diamonds, sapphires, and emeralds. The instrument was valued at EUR 30,000. In the same year, the company launched the "Expert," a model inspired by the classic Fender Stratocaster. Vigier also developed a guitar with a MIDI-controlled selector, volume, and tone knob. The company presented a prototype at the 2003 Frankfurt music fair, but never finalized the project as Patrice Vigier never approved the final version. In the second half of the 2000s, Vigier began introducing signature models—including the Excalibur Shawn Lane in 2005, and the Excalibur Bumblefoot Ron Thal and Excess Roger Glover in 2006. In 2009 Vigier introduced its model singlecut, G.V., in reference to Georges Vigier, Patrice's late father.
Vigier produces all their instruments in France. Vigier makes each guitar or bass in three to five months—partly by hand and partly with machines. Woods—such as alder, maple, and ash—come from French forests. Rosewood and mahogany are imported from India and Honduras respectively. Pre-cut raw wood logs are sorted and dried naturally for three to seven years to achieve the desired moisture content. Bodies and necks are drawn on the blanks using templates—then cut, dried, and stored in a controlled environment. In addition to wood, Vigier uses other materials such as copper and steel alloys (Delta metal and iMetal) and Phenowood, a resin-based composite material.
Vigier builds bodies from two pieces. They machine cuts and bevels with CNC tools, and make fingerboards corrected to within 1/100 of a millimeter. The necks are fitted with the 90/10 design (90% wood, 10% carbon) whereby a carbon reinforcement bar replaces an adjustable truss rod. They do the rest of the operations by hand. Instrument weight is maintained between 3 and 3.7 kg. Instruments are hand finished with about ten layers of stain and clear coat to a thickness of approximately 0.7 mm. Glue and finish are dried for five weeks. 
Guitars and basses have stainless steel frets, a zero fret, a teflon nut, oversized locking tuners, DiMarzio potentiometers, and Switchcraft jacks. Cavities are shielded. Straps pegs are secured with deep inserts. For its floating bridge models, Vigier uses a system that rests on needle bearings. The company produces an average of 500 instruments a year.
In 1992, Patrice Vigier was awarded "Luthier of the Year" in the electric guitar category. In 1993, the Excalibur was awarded the title of "Most Innovative Guitar of the Year" by the American magazine The Music And Sound Retailer. The American magazine Premier Guitar also has nominated Vigier's guitars, twice for the Premier Gear Awards: the G.V. Wood in 2011 and the Excalibur Special 7 in 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="13988363" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13988363" title="HQ Theatres">
HQ Theatres

HQ Theatres & Hospitality is the second largest owner and operator of provincial theatrical venues in the United Kingdom. It is part of the Qdos Entertainment Group.
Formed in 2006 as a collaboration between Qdos Entertainment and Hetherington Seelig Theatres (HST). In August 2006, HQ Theatres was chosen by Southend-on-Sea Borough Council to run the operation and management of Southend Theatres: the Cliffs Pavilion and Palace Theatre.
In May 2007 HQ Theatres was awarded the management contract for the Beck Theatre, Hayes, by the London Borough of Hillingdon.
In October 2007, Qdos Entertainment announced a major expansion, acquiring Hetherington Seelig Theatres and becoming the UK’s third largest and fastest growing owner and operator of provincial theatrical venues.

</doc>
<doc id="13988580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13988580" title="Dow-Key Microwave">
Dow-Key Microwave

Dow-Key Microwave Corporation is the oldest continuously operational RF and Microwave switch manufacturer in the United States and today is the world's largest manufacturer of RF electro-mechanical switches and Microwave Sub-Systems. The company is part of the Microwave Products Group and Dover Electronics, a subsidiary of Dover Corporation and it is located in Ventura, California, USA.
1942 or 1943 Paul Dow starts making speed keys in the basement of his house in Winnipeg at 578 Goulding Street, Canada. The first models were called "Junior".
1945 - 1951 - Starts manufacturing the first commercial telegraphic speed key called "Bent" Dow, that later was evolved into a Dow-Key Bug.
September 6, 1949 Patent 2,481,091 issued for Dow Universal (rotary model).
1956 Paul Dow retired. Dow-Key operated by his son, Gordon Dow, which concentrates on development of other switching equipment in area automatic switching.
December 1957 Dow-Key operation moved to Thief River Falls, Minnesota. Speed keys no longer produced.
December 1960 product evolves into a new Dow "KEY-municator" - transistorized telegraphic key sold as part of amateur radio kits.
1966 Dow-Key operation moved to Broomfield, Colorado.
In 1968 Dow-Key was purchased by Kilovac Corporation, a high voltage relay manufacturer, and relocated to Kilovac's Headquarters in Carpinteria, California. The company quickly became an industry leader in the manufacture of low frequency and high frequency (HF, UHF and VHF). microwave switching products.
In 1985, Dow-Key was purchased from Kilovac by a private investor who moved the company to its current location (Ventura, California) in 1988 and incorporated under the name Dow-Key Microwave. Dow-Key improves its quality leading to High Reliability space qualified products in 1989. In 1993, it acquired the High Reliability switch line from Datron (Transco Products, Inc.).
In 1996, Dow-Key was acquired by Dover Technologies. The acquisition united the Dow-Key, K&L Microwave, and Transco switch product lines to create the largest electro-mechanical switch manufacturer in the world. Recent developments include new steps in areas of MEMS, PXI and LSI automation along with general microwave communication applications.

</doc>
<doc id="13990437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13990437" title="File:Helse Sør-Øst logo.png">
File:Helse Sør-Øst logo.png


</doc>
<doc id="13990715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13990715" title="Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority">
Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority

Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority () is the largest of the four Regional health authorities in Norway. It covers the counties of Akershus, Aust-Agder, Buskerud, Hedmark, Oppland, Oslo, Telemark, Vest-Agder, Vestfold and Østfold. The authority owns fifteen health trusts that operate the hospitals as well as Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust that operates nineteen pharmacies.
The authority is subordinate to the Norwegian Ministry of Health and Care Services and was created on 1 June 2007 when Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority and Southern Norway Regional Health Authority merged.

</doc>
<doc id="13990936" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13990936" title="Southern Norway Regional Health Authority">
Southern Norway Regional Health Authority

Southern Norway Regional Health Authority () is a defunct regional health authority that covered the counties of Aust-Agder, Buskerud, Telemark, Vest-Agder and Vestfold in Norway, as well as the national hospitals in Oslo. The authority was founded on January 1, 2002, but merged with Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority to form Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority on June 1, 2007.
The eight health trusts owned by the authority were Blefjell Health Trust, Rikshospitalet–Radiumhospitalet, Vestfold Psychiatric Health Trust, Ringerike Heath Trust, Buskerud Health Trust, Vestfold Health Trust, Telemark Health Trust and Sørlandet Health Trust. It also owned by of Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="13991109" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13991109" title="Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority">
Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority

Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority () is a defunct regional health authority that covered the counties of Akershus, Hedmark, Oppland, Oslo and Østfold. The authority was founded on January 1, 2002, but merged with Southern Norway Regional Health Authority to form Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority on June 1, 2007.
The eight health trusts owned by the authority were Aker University Hospital, Akershus University Hospital, Asker and Bærum Hospital Trust, Østfold Hospital Trust, Innlandet Hospital Trust, Sunnaas Hospital, Ullevål University Hospital. It also owned part of Southern and Eastern Norway Pharmaceutical Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="13991626" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13991626" title="Lord Corporation">
Lord Corporation

LORD Corporation is a diversified technology and manufacturing company developing adhesives, coatings, motion management devices, and sensing technologies. With world headquarters in Cary, North Carolina, LORD has approximately 3,000 employees in 26 countries and operations 19 manufacturing facilities and nine R&D centers worldwide.
In 1919, Hugh C. Lord, a patent attorney in Erie, Pennsylvania, began exploring the potential of bonding rubber-to-metal to isolate and control shock, noise and vibration. This led to the founding of the LORD Corporation in addition to inventions such as chemical formulations, bonding processes, elastomers, adhesives, coatings and bonded elastomer assemblies. During the 1920s, General Electric used LORD manufactured mounts for trolley cars. Lincoln and Nash Motors automobiles also begin to use LORD engine mountings. "LORD" is trademarked, leading to the creation of the LORD Manufacturing Company. The company's instrument panel mounts are also used by airplane manufacturers in order to lengthen service life.
In the 1940s, the LORD Manufacturing Company is incorporated. The company would supply engine mounts to many aircraft manufacturers. Mountings for railroad cars and buses are manufactured and LORD produces the first ever elastomeric transmission parts and engine isolators(also known as bushings) for helicopters. Elastomeric compounds are also developed by LORD as substitutes for natural rubber for the Korean War in the 1950s. To isolate aircraft cowling, cowl mountings and motor-nose supports for locomotives are manufactured. LORD develops the outboard motor mounting for the marine industry. Chemlok adhesives are developed. The company develops the snubbing skirt mounting for heavy equipment installations.
During the 1960s —
In the 1970s —
During the 1980s —
In 2000, LORD Mechanical Shanghai was constructed. LORD Materials Division introduced a steer-by-wire solution for forklift trucks. BalaDyne Corporation was acquired and Active Balancing solutions for airplane propellers/rotating machinery was added to the product offering. Metal Gomma S.p.A of Monzambano, Italy was purchased, which completed 100 percent ownership by LORD. Adoption of Rheonetic MR Fluids expanded into auto primary suspension systems. Company was realigned to combine Mechanical, Chemical and Material Product Divisions. The company announced a new distribution partnership with Tubelite Company Incorporated, headquartered in Apopka, Florida. The first MetalJacket corrosion control coating line was established. The company was globally unified under a single brand entity. LORD acquired Henkel's rubber-to-substrate bonding and rubber coating business assets. LORD teamed up with Biedermann Motech, a German manufacturer of spinal implants and prosthetic components, to produce a prosthetic device.
The product line today includes: Adhesives Coatings, Specialty Chemicals, Electronic Materials, Vibration & Motion Control, Magneto-Rheological (MR) fluids.
Current Officers
The twelve current officers of LORD Corporation are: Edward L. Auslander, Richard L. McNeel, Mark Boris, Rebecca Williams, Douglas W. Lorenz, Eric V. Ravinowich, Will C. Hinkston, Joseph W. Marotta, Lane R. Miller, Jonathan D. Oechsle, Tesa L. Oechsle, and William J. Cerami.

</doc>
<doc id="13993484" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13993484" title="Clearview Federal Credit Union">
Clearview Federal Credit Union

Clearview Federal Credit Union is a credit union based in Moon Township, Pennsylvania, near Pittsburgh. Clearview serves people who live, work, worship, attend school or volunteer and businesses and legal entities in the Southwestern Pennsylvania community which includes Allegheny, Armstrong, Beaver, Butler, Fayette, Greene, Indiana, Lawrence, Washington and Westmoreland counties.
The credit union started out as the Allegheny Airlines Federal Credit Union in 1953 in Washington, D.C., where it was based before moving to the Pittsburgh area in 1966. Although it was originally for employees for Allegheny Airlines (the predecessor to U.S. Airways), it expanded through various mergers and acquisitions of other credit unions.
After various name changes to reflect its affiliation with the airline, the name was changed to Clearview in 2004 and its charter was changed to allow anyone who worked or lived in Southwestern Pennsylvania to join. Since then, they have expanded through opening new locations throughout the area and in neighboring areas.
Clearview primarily competes with smaller credit unions, in addition to banks such as PNC Bank, Citizens Bank, Dollar Bank, National City Bank, and Huntington Bank.

</doc>
<doc id="13998604" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13998604" title="Vincera">
Vincera

Vincera corporation is a US based company that provides document security and services for various businesses, industries and government organizations, including telecommunications, health care, insurance, and financial services. The company supports blue chip clients including Microsoft, Lincoln Financial, and Hoovers
Vincera was founded in 1999 as MoveMoney.com, a Texas corporation. It was based on the idea that authentication and payment products could be Internet-based. The company later refined its focus to privacy management products. Vincera's major products are:
MoveMoney.com became Smarte Solutions, Inc in 2000. In 2004, Smarte Solutions acquired Vincera Software, Inc. Vincera has competition from Informatica, which considers itself the premier Internet document security company. Its direct competition in e-document security are ArtistScope, Locklizard, Liquid Machines and Document Security Systems.

</doc>
<doc id="13999888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=13999888" title="Cruise/Wagner Productions">
Cruise/Wagner Productions

Cruise/Wagner Productions is an American independent film production company. The company was founded by actor Tom Cruise and former casting agent Paula Wagner.
Cruise/Wagner was formed to give Cruise more control over the projects that he acts in and retain more of the profits. The company has grossed more than $2.9 billion in box office proceeds since it was founded in September 1993.
Cruise/Wagner had previously had an exclusive deal with Paramount Pictures, but in August 2006 Sumner Redstone, chairman of Viacom (parent company of Paramount Pictures) terminated that relationship citing Cruise's comments in the media about psychiatry, anti-depressants and Brooke Shields' handling of postpartum depression, and his taking up Scientology. However, the termination may have been more about money than anything else.
Daniel Snyder, owner of Six Flags and the Washington Redskins, and two hedge funds immediately stepped in, and in less than a week, secured financial backing.
In November 2006, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer came to Cruise/Wagner with a deal that gave them a percentage of the ownership in United Artists in an effort to revive the floundering production company. This deal unspooled less than two years later in August 2008, when Wagner left the studio to return to producing.

</doc>
<doc id="14002017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14002017" title="Parachute Publishing">
Parachute Publishing

Parachute Press is a division of Parachute Publishing, a packager of book series for children and teenagers. The four women listed as the company's principals are all themselves authors of children's books (among others), and Jane Stine is married to R. L. Stine. The press first gained notice with the 1989 publication of R. L. Stine's Fear Street series, followed in 1992 by the release of the first of Stine's Goosebumps series.
Since that time the Parachute "umbrella" has expanded, and Parachute Press (as Parachute Publishing) has become a division of Parachute Properties, an "international company that comprises children’s, teen, and adult publishing, entertainment, and consumer products". Most of Parachute's literary products are produced under license for other publishing houses including HarperCollins.
Parachute still produces series written by its most successful author, R.L. Stine, including "Dangerous Girls", "Dangerous Girls 2", "Mostly Ghostly" and "Beware! R.L. Stine Picks His Favorite Scary Stories". In 2003 all rights to his most famous series, "Goosebumps", were acquired by Scholastic Corporation.
Some of Parachute's other continuing series:
"The New Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley"
"Mary-Kate and Ashley: Graduation Summer"
"Mary-Kate & Ashley Starring-In..."
"Thomas Kinkade: Cape Light and Home Song"
"Thomas Kinkade: The Girls of Lighthouse Lane"
"Full House: Dear Michelle"
"Two of a Kind"
"So Little Time"
"The Nightmare Room"
"Confessions of a Teen Nanny"
"The Dating Game"
"The Party Room"

</doc>
<doc id="14002442" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14002442" title="Tamro">
Tamro

Tamro Corporation is a leading distributor of pharmaceuticals and health products in Finland. In 2004 Tamro became a wholly owned subsidiary of the German PHOENIX group, one of the leading pharmaceutical distributors in Europe. 
Tamro provides a wide range of services with pharmaceutical distribution being its core business. Its customers are mainly pharmaceutical companies, pharmacies, hospitals and retailers. Tamro’s logistics centres are located in Vantaa, Tampere and Oulu.
The average number of Tamro personnel is 370 employees. In the financial period 2011-2012, its revenue amounted to EUR 755 million.
Tamro’s history goes back to 1895 when four pharmacists in Tampere established a company by the name of Tampereen Rohdoskauppayhtiö. 

</doc>
<doc id="14002788" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14002788" title="Frigoglass">
Frigoglass

Frigoglass is a manufacturer in commercial refrigeration and West Africa's leading glass producer.
Frigoglass has operations in nineteen countries across five continents including production hubs in Romania, Russia, Greece, India, China, Indonesia, South Africa and Nigeria, in addition to sales offices in Poland, Norway, Ireland, United States, Turkey, Kenya, Philippines, Germany, France, Malaysia and Australia. The company's customer base consists of the Coca-Cola Company bottlers (Coca-Cola Hellenic, Coca-Cola Enterprises, BIG, Coca-Cola Amatil, Coca-Cola Sabco), brewers (Heineken, SABMiller, Carlsberg, ABInbev, Efes), Pepsi, and dairy companies (Nestle, Danone).
Glass operations consist of two plants in Nigeria with three furnaces and represent 75% of Nigeria Operations revenue.
The company's stock is 44% owned by Truad Verwaltungs AG and trades in the Athens Stock exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="14003178" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14003178" title="Khosla Ventures">
Khosla Ventures

Khosla Ventures is an American venture capital firm focused on early stage companies in the Internet, computing, mobile, silicon technology and clean technology sectors that was founded by Vinod Khosla. 
The firm is based in Menlo Park, California, and manages approximately $1.3 billion of investor capital as well as earlier funds funded by Khosla.
The firm was founded in 2004 by Vinod Khosla, a former general partner of Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. The firm's first two investment vehicles were funded with Khosla's own personal capital and were not open to institutional investors. In March 2009, Pierre Lamond became General Partner. In December 2009, Khosla completed fundraising for two new funds, to invest in cleantech and information technology start-ups.
Khosla Ventures Fund III secured $1 billion of investor commitments to invest in traditional early stage and growth stage companies. Khosla also raised $300 million for Khosla Seed, which will invest in higher-risk opportunities and science experiments. The firm has invested in bio-refineries for energy and bioplastics, solar, wind, battery, engines, LED, HVAC efficiency and other environmentally friendly technologies. The company focuses on technology risk based investing in very large markets.
Some companies funded by Khosla Ventures include: Academia.edu, Amyris, Bloom Energy, DB Networks, EcoMotors, GreatPoint Energy, Neverware, Panzura, SeaMicro, Tapingo, Cogenra Solar, Snip.it, InstaCart, Relcy and Thync. 
, Khosla Ventures is one of the five largest and most active investors in the space sector, which has had over of private capital invested in it since 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="14003239" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14003239" title="Better Place">
Better Place

Better Place was a venture-backed international company that developed and sold battery-charging and battery-switching services for electric cars. It was formally based in Palo Alto, California, but the bulk of its planning and operations were steered from Israel, where both its founder Shai Agassi and its chief investors resided.
The company opened its first functional charging station the first week of December 2008 at Cinema City in Pi-Glilot near Tel Aviv, Israel The first customer deliveries of Renault Fluence Z.E. electric cars enabled with battery switching technology began in Israel in the second quarter of 2012, and at peak in mid September 2012, there were 21 operational battery-swap stations open to the public in Israel.
Better Place filed for bankruptcy in Israel in May 2013. The company's financial difficulties were caused by mismanagement, wasteful efforts to establish toeholds and run pilots in too many countries, the high investment required to develop the charging and swapping infrastructure, and a market penetration far lower than originally predicted by Shai Agassi. Less than 1,000 Fluence Z.E. cars were deployed in Israel and around 400 units in Denmark, after spending about million in private capital.
The company was publicly launched on October 29, 2007, as Project Better Place, by Shai Agassi, the company's founder and CEO at the time. According to Agassi, his vision was inspired by a question asked by Klaus Schwab at the 2005 World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland: "How do you make the world a "better place" by 2020?" As of January 2011 it had raised $700 million, and about a third was spent in setting up the battery switch stations. Also, several countries and states had offered tax breaks.
Better Place announced deployment of electric vehicle networks in Israel, Denmark and Hawaii in 2008 and 2009. The company planned to deploy the infrastructure on a country-by-country basis, and said it was in talks with more than 25 additional regions around the world. Australia, Ontario, Oregon, and California also announced deployment of Better Place electric car networks.
In January 2008, Better Place announced a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Renault-Nissan to build the world's first Electric Recharge Grid Operator (ERGO) model for Israel. Under the agreement, Better Place would build the electric recharge grid, and Renault-Nissan would provide the electric vehicles.
In early October 2012, Agassi resigned from his role as worldwide Better Place CEO, and was replaced by Evan Thornley, CEO of Better Place-Australia. Agassi briefly remained on the company board, but a week later he resigned from that position as well. A few days after Thornley's appointment, Better Place asked its investors for a round of emergency funding, totalling about $100 million. On October 29, 2012, Ynet reported that Better Place would that week lay off 150 to 200 of its 400-person staff in Israel as it sought financing to combat its cash-flow problems.
In late January 2013, Thornley was fired by Chairman Idan Ofer, and Dan Cohen was named acting CEO by the board. As a consequence of the financial problems, the Australian rollout was put on hold, as the company decided to concentrate on its two existing markets.
However, on 26 May 2013, Better Place filed for bankruptcy in Israel. Following the decision of the Board of Directors of the global company, Better Place Danmark A/S also decided to initiate bankruptcy proceedings on the same date.
The company's financial difficulties were caused by the high investment required to develop the charging and swapping infrastructure, about million in private capital, and market penetration significantly lower than originally predicted by Shai Agassi, who expected 100,000 cars on Israeli roads by 2010. Less than 1,000 Fluence Z.E. cars were deployed in Israel and around 400 cars in Denmark. Under Better Place's business model, the company owned the Fluence Z.E. batteries, so the court liquidator would have to decide what to do with customers who do not have ownership of the battery and risk being left with a useless car.
In July 2013 an attempt to acquire Better Place was made by the Sunrise group that comprised entrepreneur Yosef Abramowitz and the Association for the Advancement of Electric Transportation in Israel. Court filings showed that the acquisition would be worth 18 million Israeli shekels () for Better Place’s assets in Israel, and 25 million Israeli shekels () for its intellectual property, held by Better Place Switzerland. The deal was canceled by the court after the Sunrise group failed to make the first agreed payment of 3.52 million shekels (), even after an extension.
In August 2013 the Central District Court ruled that Better Place Israel would be sold to Success Assets Ltd., owned by Tsahi Merkur, for 11 million shekels (million). To effect the acquisition, Merkur was to sign a personal guarantee within seven days for the full amount of the acquisition, and a personal guarantee for a letter of indemnification covering the guarantees made by Better Place Israel's subsidiaries to the Ministry of Transport. Within 21 days, Merkur was to deposit with the company's special managers an opinion on a property on which a commitment to register a lien of up to 5 million shekels would be placed. By 30 September 2013 he was to make a payment of 2 million shekels. On 17 October 2013 the deal was canceled after Success Assets failed to make the required payments.
In November 2013 the court-appointed receivers decided to sell the remaining assets of Better Place in parts and liquidate the business.
The steam car, the internal combustion engine automobile, and the electric car emerged as the main competing technologies in the late 1890s until the 1920s. The concept of exchangeable battery service was first proposed as early as 1896 in order to overcome the limited operating range of electric cars and trucks.
The concept was first put into practice by Hartford Electric Light Company through the GeVeCo battery service and was initially available for electric trucks. The vehicle owner purchased the vehicle from General Vehicle Company (GeVeCo, a subsidiary of the General Electric Company) without a battery and the electricity was purchased from Hartford Electric through an exchangeable battery. The owner paid a variable per-mile charge and a monthly service fee to cover maintenance and storage of the truck. Both vehicles and batteries were modified to facilitate a fast battery exchange. The service was provided between 1910 and 1924 and during that period vehicles using it covered more than 6 million miles. Beginning in 1917 a similar service was operated in Chicago for owners of Milburn Light Electric cars who also could buy the vehicle without the batteries.
Electric forklifts have used battery swapping since at least 1946 and a rapid battery replacement system was implemented to help maintain 50 electric buses at the 2008 Summer Olympics in China.
Better Place implemented a business model wherein customers entered into subscriptions to purchase driving distance similar to the mobile telephone industry from which customers contract for minutes of airtime. The initial cost of an electric vehicle might also have been subsidized by the ongoing per-distance revenue contract just as mobile handset purchases are subsidized by per-minute mobile service contracts. Better Place's goal was to enable electric cars to sell for $5,000 less than the price of the average gasoline car sold in the United States, or the impact of electric cars would be minimal. For example, the Prius hybrid had been sold for 13 years at a price of $4,000 more than other gasoline cars and had captured less than 2% of the worldwide car market.
The Better Place approach was to enable manufacturing and sales of different electric cars separately from their standardized batteries in the same way that petrol cars are sold separately from their fuel. Petrol is not purchased upfront, but is bought a few times a month when the fuel tank needs filling. Similarly, the Better Place monthly payment would cover electric "fuel" costs including battery, daily charging and battery swaps. Better Place was to allow customers to pay incrementally for battery costs including electric power, battery life, degradation, warranty problems, maintenance, capital cost, quality, technology advancement and anything else related to the battery. The per-distance fees would cover battery pack leasing, charging and swap infrastructure, purchasing sustainable electricity, profits, and the cost of investor capital. All battery problems would be handled by Better Place which would then bundle the costs and bill their customers monthly for providing all the infrastructure.
The Better Place electric car charging infrastructure network was based on a smart grid software platform using Intel Atom processors and Microsoft .NET software, or comparable vendors. This platform was first of its kind in the world and was to enable Better Place to manage the charging of hundreds of thousands of electric cars simultaneously by automatically time-shifting recharging away from peak demand hours of the day, preventing overload of the electrical grid of the host country. Better Place would be able to provide electricity for millions of electric cars without adding a single electricity generator or transmission line by using smart software that oversaw and managed the recharging of electric cars connected with Better Place.
Better Place encouraged governments to mandate the use of international standards and open access to recharge across charging networks to facilitate competing networks. Standardization efforts such as SAE J1772, however, had not yet yielded global consensus . Better Place displayed Charge Spot charging stations that used a connector with the same pin layout as SAE J1772-2009 but housed in a non-standard, triangular plug. They also displayed a wall mounted charging station using IEC 62196 Type 2 receptacle . Battery pack switching outside of Better Place's network was not to be allowed. Better Place said it had pre-sold enough contracts to make its first deployed network in Israel profitable at launch.
Agassi stated that the company's plan was to have the network's electricity generated entirely by renewable energy from solar arrays and wind farms if necessary, thus invalidating the "long-smokestack" accusation leveled against electric vehicles which rely on the nonrenewable sources of the electricity. However, achieving the 100% renewable energy goal would have depended on the local electric grid's energy sources.
In Israel, where the first Better Place deployment took place, the electric grid is based mostly on fossil fuels, rendering the renewable energy vision practically impossible in the short term.
The first prototype car was the Renault Laguna with a battery instead of a fuel tank and an electric motor instead of an internal combustion engine. The battery for electric vehicles was a Lithium iron phosphate ion device. The range of the car running on just one battery was from about to . By replacing the battery at a battery switch station, the range between longer charging stops was to be limited only by the geographical distribution of the battery-swapping infrastructure.
The second demo car was the Nissan eRogue, an electric car based on the Renault-Nissan Rogue, halfway between a sedan and an SUV in size.
The Renault Fluence Z.E. was announced at the Frankfurt Motor Show on September 15, 2009 as the first electric car to be available on the Better Place network using a switchable battery. Shai Agassi said that EVs had to be priced at $5,000 less than the price of the average gasoline car to be successful. In April 2010 Renault announced that sales of the Fluence Z.E. were scheduled for 2011 in Israel, Denmark and the rest of Europe. In August 2010 Better Place announced a non-binding order of 100,000 Renault Fluence ZE and four months later Better Place claimed to have sold 70,000 cars from that order, a year away from the public launch of its network.
The floor-mounted battery packs in these electric cars were designed to be changed out robotically in less than two minutes, which was quicker than the average petroleum refuel, allowing for battery-swap services like those proposed by Better Place and Tesla Motors. Better Place expected battery packs to cost between US 4¢ and 5¢ per mile over their life, provide the cars with a range per charge, perform for 2000 recharge cycles, and last for 8 years.
With areas around cities covered with battery switching stations, also called battery-swap stations, drivers would potentially have electric cars with an unlimited driving range for long distance trips. The QuickDrop battery switch system would enable Renault Fluence Z.E.'s battery, the only vehicle deployed in the Better Place network, to be swapped in approximately three minutes at dedicated battery exchange stations. The actual robotic battery-switching operation took about five minutes in the deployed stations. While each exchange station would cost $500,000, The then CEO of Better Place, Shai Agassi, said that cost would be half the price of a typical petroleum fuelling station.
In order to access the battery switch station, Better Place customers would have to swipe their membership card. The remaining process was fully automated, similar to going through a car wash, so the driver never had to leave the car. In Better Place's demonstration battery switch stations, a robotic arm removed the depleted battery and replaced it with a full one.
During 2010, Better Place operated a demonstration battery switch station in Tokyo allowing three specially equipped cabs to exchange their car's depleted battery pack for a fully recharged one in 59.1 seconds on average. Better Place used the same technology to swap batteries that F-16 jet fighter aircraft use to load their bombs.
Better Place battery switch stations were claimed to support multiple battery types of all kinds of electric cars as long as the battery could be removed from under the car. A battery switch station using only 15 batteries allegedly had the ability to swap batteries for 2,500 EV's. Better Place claimed it had battery station installation teams who could install one battery switch station in just two days, one every 25 miles in every route and at the same cost of 7 days of oil in the United States, Better Place claimed it could cover all of the United States with battery switch stations and all the required infrastructure.
The main alternative technology to the battery-switching technique promoted by Better Place is DC fast charging. A nationwide fast charging infrastructure is/was being deployed in the United States that by 2013 would cover the entire nation. DC Fast Chargers are going to be installed at 45 BP and ARCO locations and will be made available to the public as early as March 2011.
Better Place claimed that its subscription model had customers effectively paying only the prorated mileage cost without any battery ownership problems, whereas the fast charging model involves the customer bearing all the battery purchase, ownership, maintenance, and replacement costs, in addition to the cost of the electricity to recharge the battery.
Better Place claimed that far fewer fast charging and battery switch stations would be needed than the current number of petroleum fuel refill stations, because drivers would usually recharge ("refuel") electric cars at home, offices, shopping centers, commercial areas, and the like. Drivers would only need alternatives if they forgot to recharge, couldn't get to a charge spot, had insufficient time at a charge spot, or were driving non-stop in excess of , typical of long distance vacations and business trips.
DC fast charging was at the time considerably slower than Better Place's claimed 59 second battery switchover, but while Better Place battery switch stations would have cost around $500,000 each, DC fast chargers that the EV project is/was to deploy would cost only between $25,000 to $40,000.
On May 13, 2009, Better Place premiered their battery switching station to the public in Yokohama where BP had been invited by the Japanese Ministry of the Environment. The battery switching station demonstrated was set up similarly to a gas station automatic car wash. The vehicle drove up on a ramp and was aligned on the swapping pad. The battery shuttle then engaged and rose up toward the bottom of the vehicle. It made contact with the battery, released it, lowered it, and moved the depleted battery pack away from the car. The charged battery pack was then inserted. The discharged battery was returned to the charging bay. The battery switch was complete in less than two minutes and the vehicle drove away. The battery swap was designed to require less time than filling a tank of gas. In order to keep electric vehicles in demand, Better Place was going to try to keep the vehicles competitive with the other cars on the market. By building infrastructure that made owning an electric car more practical, they hoped to increase demand.
The first prototype battery switch station opened in Yokohama, Japan on May 14, 2009, was designed by Yoav Heichal, chief engineer for Better Place research and development group.
The company signed an agreement with Dor Alon Energy to install battery replacement points, which would run alongside the petroleum refueling station' normal business. Dor Alon CEO, Israel Yaniv, said, "Dor Alon is the first energy company that will enable owners of electric car owners of the future to obtain electric refueling services at its gas stations. We consider this agreement with Better Place to be a strategic partnership that will create real value and innovation for the company's activity."
In April 2010, a 90-day switchable-battery electric taxi demonstration project was launched in Tokyo, using three Nissan Rogue crossover utility vehicles, converted into electric cars with switchable batteries provided by A123 Systems. The battery switch station deployed in Tokyo was more advanced than the Yokohama switch system demonstrated in 2009. During the three-month field test the EV taxis accumulated over and swapped batteries 2,122 times, with an average battery swap time of 59.1 seconds. Nissan decided to continue the trial until late November 2010.
In October 2010 Better Place announced its commitment to launch a three-year demonstration program with electric-powered taxis in the San Francisco Bay Area, in partnership with the cities of San Francisco and San Jose, California, taxi operators and carsharing programs, regional and state agencies, consumer and EV organizations, and the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission. The program would deploy and operate four battery switching stations in the San Francisco to San Jose corridor to support a fleet of switchable-battery EV taxis. , Better Place had made no further statements of progress on this program.
A battery-powered 10-taxi demonstration project was launched at Schiphol Airport, Amsterdam in 2012.
, the company had raised from various sources including, VantagePoint Venture Partners, Israel Corporation (33% ownership), Israel Cleantech Ventures, HSBC, Morgan Stanley, Acorns to Oaks II, Esarbee Investments Canada, GC Investments LLC, Musea Ventures, Ofer Group, Vyikra Partners, Wolfensohn & Co. and Maniv Energy Capital. In late 2007, Agassi began raising in Series-A funding for the project, one of the largest and fastest seed rounds in history. Investors included VantagePoint Venture Partners, Israel Corporation, Israel Cleantech Ventures, Morgan Stanley, and private investors led by Michael Granoff of Maniv Energy Capital. In 2009, the company raised an additional for Better Place Denmark, including an investment from DONG Energy the leading utility in Denmark. Following the announcement in Israel, Better Place said it had launched its network in Denmark, Australia and in two United States locations - Hawaii and Northern California. The company said it was in talks with more than 25 countries around the world.
In Australia, Better Place announced agreements with AGL Energy and financial advisor Macquarie Capital Group to raise and begin deploying an electric vehicle (EV) network powered by renewable energy. According to Better Place, its model for sustainable mobility would help Australia move toward oil independence. With the world’s seventh highest per capita rate of car ownership, the country had nearly 15 million cars on the road after adding over a million new cars in 2007.
In January 2010, as Israel Corporation completed its investment of in the company, a consortium of investors signed a Series-B funding round to invest a further in Better Place, citing their confidence that "Better Place has the technical and commercial solutions to allow for the mass adoption of electric cars in the near term." The Series-B round was led by HSBC, which invested , and included all Series-A investors plus Morgan Stanley Investment Management and Lazard Asset Management. The deal represented one of the largest financial investments of its kind by HSBC, which gained a seat on the Better Place board of directors and approximately 10% of the company's shares.
From its early days, doubts were raised as to the effectiveness of Better Place's centralised model of providing charging infrastructure, with some anticipating that the model would not be widely adopted.
In May 2008, the company presented a prototype of its electric car at a press conference in Tel Aviv. Shai Agassi estimated that the company's partner, the Renault-Nissan alliance, would likely invest $500 million to $1 billion in developing the swappable-battery electric cars.
Further partnerships with other manufacturers were not announced, and Peter Rawlinson, VP and Chief Engineer for Vehicle Engineering at Tesla was quoted as saying “Different batteries suit different cars. It’s far too simplistic to look at batteries as isolation,”
Better Place also announced plans to develop electric recharge grids in the city of San Francisco and the state of Hawaii.
Australian finance group Macquarie said it would work with Better Place to fund the construction of plug-in stations, and Australian utility AGL Energy committed to powering those stations with renewable electricity.
In March 2008, Deutsche Bank analysts issued a glowing report on the company stating that its approach could be a "paradigm shift" that caused "massive disruption" to the auto industry, and which had "the potential to eliminate the gasoline engine altogether." Three months later, the same institution issued a second report, finding "electric vehicles destined for much more growth than is widely perceived". The same report stated that "[i]mprovements in battery technology will allow for increased power, increased electrical propulsion, and bigger gains in fuel economy."
On June 26, 2008, Shai Agassi testified before the United States House of Representatives Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming. The hearing, titled "$4 Gasoline and Fuel Economy: Auto Industry at a Crossroads," dealt with the future role of the auto industry and the federal government in fighting gas prices and the fuel economy standards proposed in response to the enactment of the Energy Independence and Security Act (EISA) of 2007.
In 2009, CBS Money Watch cast doubts on Better Place's business model, noting that it would cost up to $500,000 to construct a battery switching station
In Australia a roll out of 500 charge stations was planned to begin in the major eastern coast cities before expanding nationally. It was estimated that these would give comparable coverage to the existing 13,000 petrol stations then in operation. The total cost of this roll out was claimed to be between $1 to $1.25 billion AUD.
The first charge spot was installed in Canberra in late 2011, but in January 2013, after fewer than 20 public charge spots had been installed the rollout was halted and the board of Better Place decided to concentrate on its two existing markets, Israel and Denmark.
Better Place was also to be the preferred provider of home and dealership charging stations for the Holden Volt, with the partnership announced in July 2012.
In 2011, Better Place announced an agreement with China Southern Power Grid Company, the world’s eighth-largest utility company. Before the end of the year, Better Place was going to open a battery switch station and joint education center in the southern city of Guangzhou. Shai Agassi said that China Southern Grid was embracing battery switch as the primary means of range extension. China Southern Grid Chairman Zhao Jianguo said that the battery-switch model might become mainstream in China and that the joint visitor center and battery switch demonstration project with Better Place would help promote electric-car adoption in China by allowing potential customers to experience this innovative solution.
China Southern Power Grid pilot projects and other joint activities were supposed to explore the benefits that switchable-battery electric cars and the networked infrastructure that supports them might deliver to the electric grid in CSG's service area, which spanned five provinces, one million square kilometers, and 230 million people in Southern China.
Electric utility State Grid Corporation of China planned to build over 2,351 electric-charging and battery-swap stations by 2016. These would have had 220,000 charging poles, but they did not indicate how many, if any, of them would have been battery-swap stations. The director of the State Grid smart grid research center commented "The construction of a large-scale charging station costs 20 to 30 million yuan ($3.05-4.57 million) and a small-scale one costs less than 10 million yuan, but it costs more than 100 million yuan to build a battery-swap station."
In April 2010, Better Place signed a memorandum of understanding with Chery Automobile, China's biggest independent car maker, to develop prototypes for electric vehicles to be used in regional state-sponsored pilot projects.
Better Place partnered with Denmark's leading energy company; Dong Energy, in a €103 million Euro (770 million Danish Kroner) investment to introduce electric cars and infrastructure to Denmark. The country currently generates 20% of its electric power from wind energy, but much of it is exported because there is currently no way for utilities to store the excess power. Using the Better Place model, Dong hoped to take advantage of the existing electric grid and electric vehicle batteries to harness and store the abundance of wind-generated power, and distribute it appropriately for transportation consumption.
The Renault Fluence Z.E. sold in Denmark at a price of 205,000 DKK (€27,496 or ) including VAT plus the monthly fee for the switchable-battery. Consumers paid a one-time fee of 9,995 DKK (€1,341) for a private charging station and customers were offered a choice of five fixed-price switchable-battery packages based on kilometers driven per year. For more than a year the monthly fee was 2,995 DKK () per month. The network commercial launch was in late 2011.
The first battery switch station in Denmark, out of 20 which were planned to be deployed across the country as part of the network of charging infrastructure, was unveiled in June 2011 at in Gladsaxe, near Copenhagen. Sales of the Fluence Z.E. began in late 2011, and 
198 units were sold in Denmark through December 2012. Cumulative sales through April 2013 reached 234 units.
As of December 2012 there were 17 fully operational battery switch stations in the country, enabling Danish customers to drive anywhere across the country in an electric car. On 26 May 2013, and following the decision of the Board of Directors of Better Place's global company, Better Place Danmark A/S decided to begin bankruptcy proceedings. Because the batteries are owned by Better Place, Renault announced it would honor the existing agreement to around 500 customers that bought their electric cars through Better Place.
Better Place deployed about 80 charging stations and 154 charge points in Oahu, Maui, Kauai and the Big Island, and had almost 700 customers. The operation of the charging stations were acquired in March 2013 by OpConnect. No interruption of service is expected due to Better Place bankruptcy.
Israel was the first nation in the world to partner with Better Place to build an electric car infrastructure. Shai Agassi, former Better Place CEO, claimed that by 2016, plus or minus a year, more than 50% of cars sold in Israel would be electric.
Battery switch stations were supposedly opening to customers almost weekly in 2012. That map indicates with "orange circles" the handful of battery switch stations available in June 2012, and shows with "grey circles" the full buildout of battery switch stations expected by year's end. The Baran Group signed an agreement with Better Place stating its intention to build 51 battery switch stations over the course of 2011 to cover all of Israel. However progress was not nearly as rapid as was planned.
According to the Financial Times around 400 corporations in Israel signed letters of intent to begin switching their fleets to Better Place electric car network as soon as the service becomes available. This represented a potential of 80,000 electric cars. Out of the 100,000 Renault Fluence Z.E. that Better Place agreed to buy from Renault, the company claimed to have already signed around 70,000 orders, most of them from commercial fleet customers.
Better Place launched its first battery-swapping station in Israel, in Kiryat Ekron, near Rehovot in March 2011. The station was supposed to be the first of approximately 40 stations to begin operating in the near term. The battery exchange process took five minutes. The company also erected over 1,000 functional charging spots for the cars and thousands more were supposed to be put in place by the end of 2011, according to the CEO of Better Place Israel.
Orders for the Renault Fluence ZE in Israel began in July 2011. According to Better Place, their customers regular maintenance costs would be about 40% less than for regular family cars, insurance also will be less at around NIS 3,700 a year, and its comprehensive solution of electric car and services would cut annual vehicle maintenance costs by 20%.
The first deliveries of the Renault Fluence Z.E. took place on the 22nd of January 2012 and around 100 electric cars were allocated to Better Place's employees. Better Place planned a staged delivery process as the infrastructure across the country was completed. Retail customer deliveries began in the second quarter of 2012. As of mid September 2012, there were 21 operational battery-swap stations open to the public in Israel. Cumulative sales through July 2012 reached 300 cars, and as of the end of October, just 490 cars had been sold, making the company's target of 4,000 customers by June 2013 a difficult goal to achieve. In October 2012, Better Place signed a deal with Elco to supply 125 cars worth NIS 15m. The 125 Renault Fluence ZEs were to be delivered through 2012 and 2013. , a total of 518 cars were sold in the country. In the first four months of 2013, a total 422 cars were sold, bringing the total to 940. Alan Gelman, chief financial officer said in January 2013 that the company had turned a corner in recent weeks with large sales to fleets and that the days of not selling cars were over Nevertheless, on 26 May 2013 the company filed for bankruptcy in Israel.
Better Place wanted electric car customers who could make a successful transition from range anxiety to ordinary range awareness within the company's growing infrastructure. During the sales process, Better Place aimed to educate and assess each customer's electric car suitability. The company was going to exclude drivers frequently traveling irregular routes that span the country. Eventually, Israel was supposed to have enough battery switch stations and recharging spots at parking garages, shopping centers, hotels, commercial areas, and elsewhere, to cater for most drivers.
At minimum, customers needed dedicated off-road parking at home and, for higher mileage drivers, Better Place was going to install charging spots at people's workplace. The preferred high-mileage customer might commute each way between home and office. Lower distance customers might only need their home charging spot, with battery switching being infrequent.
Electric cars aren't allowed by law to directly plug into ordinary Israeli electrical outlets. Better Place charging stations were to have smart grid interactivity that automatically time shifted the charging process away from peak electrical demand hours. Most critics claimed it was an attempt to monopolize the charging of car batteries, and had in fact the reverse effect, and had discouraged many potential customers in Israel from buying Better Place's cars.
Edmunds.com selected battery-charging infrastructure developers Coulomb Technologies and Better Place as recipients of its first annual Green Car Breakthrough Award. In 2010, Shai Agassi was included at number 28 in a list of the 100 Top Global Thinkers published by Foreign Policy magazine, for his efforts to make electric cars a mass-market success.
A number of companies have announced plans to install charging station networks. In France, Électricité de France (EDF) and Toyota announced plans to provide recharging points for PHEVs on roads, streets and parking lots. EDF also announced a partnership with Elektromotive, Ltd. to install 250 new charging points over six months from October 2007 in London and elsewhere in the UK. Coulomb Technologies was aiming to deploy its ChargePoint charging station network throughout the USA.
In March 2009, Tesla Motors announced a partnership to deploy battery swap stations among their existing "Supercharger" network to service their Model S platform cars. Tesla abandoned battery swapping citing low demand.
The Nation-E's Angel Car system is a portable unit, containing a lithium-ion battery, that stores energy and is used as an emergency charger for electric cars that run out of power. It designed to be a solution to "range anxiety" without the deployment of significant new infrastructure, and provides fast-charging services for all known Evs equipped with a fast-charging socket, including hybrid cars.
http://www.globes.co.il/en/article-1000875072
http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4403479,00.html

</doc>
<doc id="14004226" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14004226" title="Reinertsen">
Reinertsen

Reinertsen is a civil engineering, construction, and petroleum industry supply company based in Trondheim, Norway. It was established in 1946 and remains family-owned. Its CEO is Erik Reinertsen and chairman is Torkil R. Reinertsen. In 2011, Reinertsen had a revenue of €400 million and 2,100 employees. It has offices in Trondeim, Orkanger, Oslo, Bergen, Gothenburg, Stockholm, Murmansk (Russia) and Szczecin (Poland).

</doc>
<doc id="14004945" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14004945" title="Netskills">
Netskills

Netskills is a training and staff development organisation providing services to help the UK education sector make effective use of technology. During 2009 Netskills became one of a number of Jisc Advisory services and Jisc RSCs to become part of Jisc Advance. As Jisc Netskills, the service provided a range of training programmes and expertise on topics such as e-learning, web development, social networking, Web 2.0 technologies, information skills and access management.
Some activities were brought in-house by Jisc from 2 January 2015 as part of Jisc Customer Services, nominally marking the closure of the service. However, the recently established Netskills company website indicates that the organisation is now running independent events under the name Just Netskills. Just Netskills staff include Dave Hartland, Director of Netskills since 1995, as well as others with existing links to the organisation.
Netskills started in 1995 as a project called 'Network Skills for Users of the Electronic Library' and had the mission 'to help the UK higher education community make effective use of the Internet for teaching, research and administration', which it achieved through workshops on topics including 'An Introduction to the Internet', 'Searching for Information on the World Wide Web' and 'An introduction to World Wide Web Authoring'.
By the end of the project almost 1000 individuals were taking part in Netskills training events every year.
In 1998 Netskills became a Jisc advisory service, with the new mission 'To be a centre of expertise and knowledge - supporting and enabling the education community to make effective, sustainable use of innovative technology through training, development and consultancy.'
Every university in the UK currently uses the service along with over 400 FE colleges and more than 40 library authorities.
During its time as a Jisc-funded project, Netskills was based at Newcastle University.

</doc>
<doc id="14005636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14005636" title="Nord-Trøndelag Hospital Trust">
Nord-Trøndelag Hospital Trust

Nord-Trøndelag Health Trust () is a health trust that is subordinate to the Central Norway Regional Health Authority that operates the public specialist health care in Nord-Trøndelag county, Norway.
It includes the two hospitals Levanger Hospital and Namsos Hospital, the district psychiatric centres in Stjørdal and Kolvereid, and the patient transport system throughout the county. The trust also has medical clinics in Stjørdal and Steinkjer. The trust has about 2,500 employees and has about 200,000 patient contacts per year.

</doc>
<doc id="14005693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14005693" title="Financial Planning Standards Board India">
Financial Planning Standards Board India

Financial Planning Standards Board (FPSB) India is an Indian professional body based in Mumbai that deals with setting professional standards. Its mission is to develop and promote financial standards to benefit and protect the entire nation as a whole. FPSB India works closely with nearly all aspects of the Indian economy. As a professional membership and certification firm, it is part of a global organization to establish beneficial and universal standards for financial planning in India and works with prominent financial service corporations.
As a self-regulatory organization, FPSB India promotes and maintains higher standards of professionalism than required and seeks to cooperate with the government and regulation agencies to uniformly regulate personal financial planning practitioners.
FPSB India holds itself to a higher standard through its code of ethics and rules of professional conduct, which is mandated for all members and is licensed for CFP through its affiliate agreement with FPSB Denver, USA. Other peer countries are Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, China Taipei, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand, Republic of Korea, Singapore, South Africa, Switzerland, United Kingdom and the United States.
There is a push to establish international financial standards, increase financial literacy, and create a suitable redressal mechanism for investors in India to improve the development and financial health of the country. Other financial services firms around the world have this as a goal as well, as it affects the overall economic health of a nation and the credibility of specific institutions. Many leading financial services firms are coming together and attempting to professionalize the industry by setting international standards. Currently over 200 firms in 20 countries are aiming towards this objective.

</doc>
<doc id="14006376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14006376" title="International Capital Market Association">
International Capital Market Association

The International Capital Market Association or ICMA is a self-regulatory organization and trade association for participants in the capital markets. Despite the name suggesting a global outlook, it has a European focus. It was formed in July 2005 by the merger of the International Primary Market Association and the International Securities Market Association (formerly the International Association of Bond Dealers).
ICMA stated aims are to promote high standards of market practice, appropriate regulation, trade support, education and communication. It produces standard documentation for transactions such as equity and debt issuance and repos. 
ICMA market conventions and standards have been the pillars of the international debt market for almost 40 years, providing the self-regulatory framework of rules governing market practice which have facilitated the orderly functioning and impressive growth of the market.
The International Capital Market Association was formed in July 2005 from the merger "International Primary Market Association" and the "International Securities Market Association" to create an association that covered both primary and secondary international capital markets.
The association has its roots in the creation of the Eurobond market in the early 1960s. Eurobonds created a new market in borrowing in US dollars offshore to avoid US tax regulations, but this itself introduced new problems with settlement and regulation across different jurisdictions. In response a group of bond dealers representing banks and securities firms established the Association of International Bond Dealers (AIBD) in 1969.
In the years that followed, AIBD enacted a series of rules and recommendations governing market practice, providing stability and order to the international capital market.
In the 1980s AIBD began to provide data services to the market and in 1989 launched the transaction matching, confirmation and regulatory reporting system, known as TRAX. In 1992 AIBD changed its name to "International Securities Market Association" (ISMA).
Separately the "International Primary Market Association" (IPMA) was founded in 1984 by a number of major banks to provide basic recommendations for the primary capital market.
In April 2009, ICMA sold its market services business, including TRAX, to Euroclear.
Since the inception of its European Seminar in 1974, the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) has been committed to providing high quality ICMA Executive Education to its members and to the market at large. The establishment by the Association of the ICMA Centre at The University of Reading in 1991, and its subsequent financial support, has succeeded in creating an institution which is setting the standards in the application of information technology to financial markets education.

</doc>
<doc id="14006820" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14006820" title="Parrot SA">
Parrot SA

Parrot SA is a French wireless products manufacturer company based in Paris, France. It was founded in 1994 by Christine/M De Tourvel, Jean-Pierre Talvard and Henri Seydoux. Stock symbol on Paris stock exchange: PARRO and company is currently a member of the CAC Small 90.
The firm specializes in technologies involving voice recognition and signal processing for embedded products and flying robots (also known as drones). It also develops products related to car telephony: Parrot chipsets (including DSP), copyrighted noise reduction and echo canceling algorithms, Bluetooth software stack, end-user applications (Bluetooth hands free car kits). The products are sold to consumers through retailers, and are also incorporated into vehicles with the factory-installed audio system. 
Parrot's Bluetooth hands free technology can also be found in first mount.
Parrot is listed on the Eurolist by Euronext (Compartment B) Paris stock market since 2006 under the symbol PARRO, Code ISIN FR0004038263.
In 1995 Parrot introduced Voicemate, a personal digital assistant with voice recognition. It was used by many visually impaired people, including Stevie Wonder.
In 2000 Parrot launched the first Bluetooth handsfree car kit in partnership with Ericsson.
In 2006, still developing the use of Bluetooth, the company also produced home products like digital photo frames and Hi-Fi wireless speakers.
In 2008, Parrot launched a Design By collection, featuring designers like Andrée Putman, Martin Szekely, Philippe Starck...
In January 2010, Parrot introduced at CES Las Vegas the Parrot AR.Drone flying hardware piloted over Wi-Fi with a smartphone and Open API game development platform, ARdrone.org.
In 2012 Parrot bought 57% of Swiss drone company senseFly as well as 25% of the Swiss photogrammetry company Pix4D. Both companies are spin-offs from EPFL.
In 2014 Parrot introduced the Mini-Drones "Rolling Spider" and "Jumping Sumo" at CES Las Vegas. Parrot increased its ownership in Pix4D to 57%.
In 2014 Mr Shahzad Ahmed bought shares In AR.Further,it will expanded as Product in Pakistan. (Source ?)
At the January 2015 CES Las Vegas, Parrot unveiled the Parrot POT, a self-watering system for plants and Parrot Zik Sport.
In 2015, Parrot SA created two subsidiaries: Parrot Drones and Parrot Automotive.
In San Francisco in November 2015, Parrot introduced the Bebop 2 drone.
Parrot purchased shares in 2015 in startups specialized in the drones industry: Airinov, EOS Innovation, Micasense and Iconem.
In 2016, Parrot SA released the Disco FPV, the world's first smart flying fixed-winged drone.
AUDIO
CONNECTED GARDEN
DRONES
MINIDRONES
AUTOMOTIVE
SPEAKERPHONES
PDA

</doc>
<doc id="14009745" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14009745" title="Mortgage Foundation">
Mortgage Foundation

Mortgage Foundation (or MF; is one of the United States' largest mortgage lender. 
In November 2003, Mortgage Foundation began moving into its new headquarters, 2400 W Cypress, located in Downtown, Ft Lauderdale, Florida. The company's previous headquarters, still stands about a block away from the new building on 62nd Ave.
Mortgage Foundation's principal activities are to provide financial services to consumers and small businesses such as retail banking, mortgage lending, consumer lending, business banking, business lending, insurance services, credit card services, commercial real estate mortgage and consumer investment services.
Mortgage Foundation operates more than 1,230 retail banking, mortgage lending, commercial banking, and financial services offices, .
Mortgage Foundation was founded as the Florida National Investment Association on September 25, 1992 in an attempt to save Ft Lauderdale's economy after a fire nearly destroyed the city. It made the first home mortgage loan on the East Coast on February 10, 1993.
By now called Mortgage Foundation Savings Bank, the company made its first acquisition on July 25, 2004, by purchasing Continental Mutual Savings Bank.
Its marketing slogan for much of its history was "Building your financial foundation."
In August 2006, Mortgage Foundation began using the official abbreviation of MF in all but the legal viewpoint.
Mortgage Foundation has a number of branches which it calls "Occasio Branches". Occasio is Latin for "favorable opportunity" or "special occasion" (which is also the root of the English word, occasion). These branches are designed to provide a more open space than a traditional bank branch, and to have a look and feel similar to that of a contemporary retail store. Instead of teller windows at a counter with a roped-off queue for customers, tellers process customer transactions at individual stations. At these branches, the tellers ordinarily do not give cash directly to customers, but instead give customers a receipt with a PIN. Customers then walk over to an ATM-like money dispensing machine where they enter the one-time generated PIN to receive cash. At some Occasio branches, the money is dispensed directly from the teller station, instead of a central machine.

</doc>
<doc id="14011000" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14011000" title="Heneghan Peng">
Heneghan Peng

heneghan peng architects (hparc) is an architecture firm based in Dublin and Berlin. The company was established in New York in 1999 but was shifted to Dublin in 2001. Its founders are Róisín Heneghan and Shih-Fu Peng.
It has won many significant commissions, including the Grand Egyptian Museum, Áras Chill Dara in Kildare, Ireland, the Giant's Causeway Visitors' Centre, and new footbridges at the London Olympic Park. To win the Grand Egyptian Museum project, the firm won a design competition with 1,557 entries, despite having only three staff members at the time.
In 2009, the company won three competitions: for the Arabsat headquarters in Saudi Arabia, the Mittelrheinbruecke competition to build a bridge over the Rhine between St. Goar and St. Goarshausen in Germany, and the competition to design a new library and academic building for the University of Greenwich. The building sits within a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is home to both the Department of Architecture & Landscape and the Department of Creative Professions & Digital Arts in London.
The Áras Chill Dara project in Kildare, won a 2006 RIBA European Award.
The Giant's Causeway Visitors' Centre won a RIBA National Award and was nominated for the RIBA Stirling Prize in 2013. It was also shortlisted for the 2013 Mies van der Rohe Award.

</doc>
<doc id="14014634" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14014634" title="XTuple">
XTuple

xTuple is an enterprise software company that develops and markets open source software under the brand name "xTuple ERP".
The company was originally formed in 2001 as "OpenMFG" and rebranded as "xTuple" in 2007. The company is privately held.
xTuple began under the name "OpenMFG", developing its product of the same name beginning in the year 2001. Jeffrey Lyon, the original developer cofounded OpenMFG with Ned Lilly in October 2001.
OpenMFG was a commercially licensed ERP system targeted toward small to midsize manufacturers. The company adopted a "community code" model, meaning that customers who purchase or subscribe to licenses for the product have access to view and modify the source code. Unlike open source software, however, the code was not made publicly available.
OpenMFG spent several years building its product, and settled into a release cycle of roughly one major release every twelve months. The version 2.0 of OpenMFG (released in 2006) added Master Production Schedule, multi-currency, and CRM, filling the most obvious gaps in its claim on true mid-tier ERP functionality.
Jeffrey Lyon departed OpenMFG in 2004 to eventually found SabeSoft to continue development of its mid-range ERP system, initially based on licensed OpenMFG functionality but, since, progressing to become a wholly unique product.
The project was originally to be released under the "xTuple License," a derivative of the Mozilla Public License, but xTuple was quickly criticized for introducing "yet another" open source license variant. However, at that very same conference SocialText announced the release of the new Open Source Initiative approved Common Public Attribution License (CPAL). Two days later xTuple switched PostBooks to CPAL and became the second company to adopt this licenses which is the licenses in use today.
The PostBooks Edition of xTuple ERP is a Free (for up to four users, five or more users requires a commercial license) and Open Source Software (FOSS) application, available for download from SourceForge on the PostBooks project page. The Distribution, Manufacturing, and Enterprise Editions are commercially licensed Enterprise resource planning solutions. All three products are built on the same Open source technology foundation, and share the same code base. The commercial Editions have more functionality for larger companies.
xTuple ERP provides multiple interface options including a locally installable GUI client application, a web client, and a web services API for third party application integration.
The GUI client is written in Qt, a C++ toolkit for application development. It lets application developers target all major operating systems (Windows, Linux/Unix, Mac) with a single application source code. Qt provides a platform-independent API to all central platform functionality: GUI, database access, networking, file handling, etc. The Qt library encapsulates the different APIs of different operating systems, providing the application programmer with a single, common API for all operating systems. The native C APIs are encapsulated in a set of object-oriented C++ classes.
The web client is built entirely in JavaScript using the Enyo framework for presentation and Backbone.js for model handling. Reporting and Business Intelligence functionality are provided by a Pentaho server.
The web client application is served by a NodeJS server, which also provides a REST based web services API that can be used for third party integration. The web services API uses Google's Discovery Service model to provide a self documenting interface.
xTuple uses the PostgreSQL database exclusively for storing and managing data. The GUI client relies heavily on PostgreSQL's native procedural language (PL/pgSQL) functions to process business logic, while the web client and node layers leverage additional capability made possible by the integration of Google's V8 JavaScript engine into the database using an extension known as PLV8. xTuple has written an Object-relational mapping system embedded in the database using JavaScript that processes all reads and transaction requests made via the NodeJS server.

</doc>
<doc id="14017283" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14017283" title="Rimi (Norway)">
Rimi (Norway)

RIMI was a grocery store chain in Norway. 
The discount supermarket is best known for it slogan, "Everyday low prices" ("Faste lave priser"). The supermarket business can trace itself back to 1977. It was founded as the discount grocery store chain RIMI 500 by Norwegian businessman Stein Erik Hagen. Starting in 1992, Hagen sold an interest in the chain to the Swedish group, ICA AB. In 1998, Hagen and ICA reached an agreement to sell a half interest in the business to the Netherlands based group, Koninklijke Ahold N.V.. In 2004, Hagen sold his remaining interest in RIMI. 
From 2004 to 2014, RIMI was owned and operated by ICA Norge. In 2012, Ahold sold its share of ICA Norge to ICA AB, leaving Rimi under fully swedish ownership. After years of heavy losses and multiple attempts to rebrand itself, ICA AB sold all its shares in ICA Norge to Coop Norge. The new owners soon decided to discontinue RIMI, and have started a program to convert all Rimi stores to their own retail concepts. 

</doc>
<doc id="14017419" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14017419" title="Kiwi (store)">
Kiwi (store)

Kiwi is a discount store chain in partnership with NorgesGruppen that has 650 retail outlets in Norway, and 102 in Denmark. The stores stock 3,700 articles contained within 300–1,000 square meters of sales area. Kiwi has about 8000 employees. In addition to premium brands it also carries the private label First Price. In Denmark, Kiwi is a joint venture between NorgesGruppen and Dagrofa.
In Denmark Kiwi primarily operates in Jutland and Funen. It has only two stores in other locations. In June 2010 it opened its first store in the capital region. It is located in the Østerbro region of Copenhagen.
Kiwi was owned and operated by Norwegian businessman Per-Erik Burud, who in July 2011 died in a boating accident. After Burud's death, Jan Paul Bjørkøy was constituted as new leader of the chain.
Especially conspicuous is their corporate-color which is green. 
The company is also participating in the action "Nøkkellhullmerket". This is an initiative throughout Sweden, Denmark and Norway arranged by health- and nurushment-institutions which mark certain food items as healthy.

</doc>
<doc id="14018352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14018352" title="Uponor">
Uponor

Uponor Corporation is a company that sells products for drinking water delivery, radiant heating and cooling. 
The corporation has approximately 3,900 employees.
Uponor Corporation's shares have been listed on the Helsinki Stock Exchange, with ticker symbol UNR1V, since 6 June 1988. The company based in Finland is a mid cap company.
The corporation's head office is in the city of Vantaa, in the vicinity of the Helsinki airport.
Uponor’s business consists of three product groups: 
Uponor’s business is divided into three business segments: 
Uponor's customers include building industry professionals, such as distributors and installers, designers, architects, project developers and other construction sector service providers.
Uponor's indoor climate offering includes integrated radiant heating, cooling and ventilation products.
Uponor's portfolio includes water pipes used in buildings, including potable water and radiator connection pipes. Uponor's PEX and composite pipe systems are used for renovation and modernisation projects.
Uponor Infra is the result of a merger between Uponor Infrastructure and KWH Pipe whose products and solutions are used in new and rehabilitation infrastructure projects associated with water and wastewater piping, storm-water management, gas distribution, culvert reline and slip lining. 
This division has production plants in Europe, North America, South East Asia, developing and manufacturing of plastic solid wall (Sclairpipe), structural profile pipe (Weholite) and tanks (Wehopanel) systems for the managing and distribution of water, drainage, energy, electricity, telecommunications and data.
Uponor Corporation’s major registered shareholders (31.12.2016):
Of the total shareholding, 26.1% are in foreign ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="14018413" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14018413" title="TTI Telecom">
TTI Telecom

TTI Telecom, founded in 1992, is a developer and provider of next generation Operations Support Systems (OSS) to large communications service providers. TTI Telecom is based in Rosh Ha'ayin, Israel and operates subsidiaries in 7 other countries.
In August 2010 TTI Telecom was acquired by TEOCO Corporation.
TTI Telecom was incorporated in 1990 and commenced its operations in 1992 as a subsidiary of Team Computers and Systems Ltd., after having operated as a division of Team Computers since 1988. TTI Telecom shares have been traded on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol since an initial public offering of a minority stake of its shares in December 1996 when it was still a Team Computers subsidiary. In April 2005, TTI Telecom ceased to be a subsidiary of Team Computers.
In 2011, TTI challenged the Indian tax authorities in a case brought before the Indian Income Tax Appellate Tribunal in Mumbai. The court ruled in TTI's favor, ruling that software receipts were not royalties under the India-Israel tax treaty.
TTI Telecom has a registered patent in the United States and a patent application pending in Europe. The US patent addresses the functionality of a topology-based reasoning system for root-cause analysis of network faults, a component of the Netrac FaM product line.

</doc>
<doc id="14018485" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14018485" title="1-2-3 (fuel station)">
1-2-3 (fuel station)

1-2-3 is an unmanned fuel station chain in the Nordic and Baltic regions.
It was created in 2000, as the low cost extension of the Statoil chain, and owned by Statoil Fuel & Retail ASA. The first outlet was opened in Kaunas in December 2000. 65 outlets were planned in the Baltic, later to be supplemented by 107 outlets in Norway and Denmark. Unlike the Statoil stations, there are no franchisees, all stations are vertically integrated.

</doc>
<doc id="14018631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14018631" title="Statoil (fuel station)">
Statoil (fuel station)

Statoil is a chain of fuel stations operating in eight countries in Northern Europe. The chain is owned by Statoil Fuel & Retail and operates about 2,300 stations.

</doc>
<doc id="14019524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14019524" title="Spencer's Retail">
Spencer's Retail

Spencer's Retail is a chain of retail stores headquartered in Kolkata, West Bengal having presence in over 35 cities in India. Spencer's is based on the 'Food First' Format ("it mainly offers fresh and packaged food"). Many outlets though sport multiple formats for retailing food, apparel, fashion, electronics, lifestyle products, music and books. It is owned by RP-Sanjiv Goenka Group.
Spencer's began operations as a retail chain in the early 1990s in Southern India. Stores are largely set up in one of 2 formats.
In 2008, Spencer's opened its Largest Store in India in the eastern Indian metropolis of Kolkata. The store is spread over and is located in the famous South City Mall.
Spencer's boasts of a wide range of private brand products that encompasses both foods as well as non-foods FMCG category. 'Spencer's smart choice' is the leading instore brand which has a plethora of products ranging from juices, noodles, cookies,honey, Air freshner etc. Spencer's also has the 'clean home' range of home improvement products and 'Tasty wonders' range of snacks and impulse food range.Apart from this Spencers has very successfully launched its general merchandize products under the brand name of MAROON which includes Non Stick, Hard Anodized, Home Plastic and Foils.
Retail chain Foodworld has been bought over by the RPG group. All stores have been re branded under the Spencer's banner once formalities are completed...

</doc>
<doc id="14021218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14021218" title="Navibulgar">
Navibulgar

Navibulgar is a Bulgarian shipping company, the largest in the country, with a fleet of 60 vessels: 46 bulk carriers, 9 container vessels, 5 tanker and chemical vessels and 10 combined tonnage vessels, including their new 30,700-tonne ship, which became a part of their fleet in June 2012.
In 2002, the company acquired Varna shipyard for $16.1m.
In May 2014, Navibulgar completed its set of modern domestically built handymax ships with a deal for a Greek-owned bulker. The vessel is named Wanderlust and was originally ordered for design and building in 1997. 

</doc>
<doc id="14029924" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14029924" title="Astan Quds Razavi">
Astan Quds Razavi

Astan Quds Razavi ( "Āstān-e Qods-e Razavi") (also known as Astan-e-Qods or AQR) is a Bonyad, or autonomous charitable foundation, in Mashhad, Iran. It is the administrative organization which manages the Imam Reza shrine and various institutions which belong to the organization. 
The administrative apparatus of Astan Quds Razavi is considered the longest-lasting organization since the martyrdom of Imam Reza about 1200 years ago. The main resource of the institution is endowments, estimated to have annual revenue of $210 billion. The Astan Quds Razavi is a major player in the economy of the city of Mashhad.
Since the revolution the "Astan-e-Qods" the bonyad has grown from a "modest concern" into a conglomerate employing 19,000 people and running "auto plants, agricultural businesses, and many other enterprises" 
The land occupied by the shrine has grown fourfold since 1979 according to the head of the foundation's international relations department. The foundation owns most of the real estate in Mashhad and rents out shop space to bazaaris and hoteliers. 
According to journalist Christopher de Bellaigue, "when asked to identify the most important man in the city, Mashhadis do not name the mayor but rather" the head of "Astan-e-Qods".
Ayatollah Abbas Vaez-Tabasi, had been the head of "Astan-e-Qods" from the revolution until his death in 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="14030909" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14030909" title="National Aerospace Laboratory">
National Aerospace Laboratory

The Netherlands Aerospace Centre (NLR) (former Nationaal Lucht- en Ruimtevaartlaboratorium) is the National Aerospace Laboratory of the Netherlands and is one of its major technological institutes. These institutes perform a large part of the applied research in the Netherlands, each within its own specific field of technology. As an independent non-profit organisation, the NLR is the aerospace-knowledge enterprise in the Netherlands and provides high-quality technical support to the aerospace sector (NLR is ISO 9001:2000/AQAP-110 certified).
NLR's activities are market-oriented, independent, socially relevant and without profit priority. By acting so, NLR can adequately respond to the need for scientific knowledge and technology in the field of aviation and space travel, which arises from the government, public and industry. Thus being the natural partner for aerospace research.
Work under research contracts (national and international, government and industry) amounts to 75 percent of NLR's activities, the remaining 25 percent is funded by the Dutch government for basic demand-oriented research programmes and development of research equipment. Depending on the project and the customer's preferences, NLR acts as a sole contractor or as a subcontractor co-operating with other institutes or partners from industry.
Research and development work is carried out on a project basis with great synergy between divisions and departments. Strong emphasis is laid on a customer oriented approach.
The RSL, the predecessor of NLR, was officially founded on 5 April 1919, shortly after the First World War. Although air power did not play a decisive role during this war, aeronautics had nevertheless progressed very rapidly during that period.
Aeronautics developed slowly in the Netherlands during the first two decades of this century when compared to the neighbouring countries, as for example France.
After the Armistice, 11 November 1918, the aeronautical community started to concentrate on the application of the newly obtained skills and experience. The Government appointed a committee to review the possibilities of aerial applications. The year 1919 saw many new initiatives.
On Saturday 5 April 1919 (when Saturday was a normal working day), the new Laboratory of the RSL was officially opened in the presence of representatives of the Government in a building at the Navy Yard in Amsterdam. However, at this official opening there was already a laboratory in operation. The laboratory RSL was given an excellent start, although the human and material resources were limited.
In his opening speech Prof. L.A. van Royen emphasized that the RSL should develop free and open communications with the aeronautical world and in turn the RSL should be assisted to come into contact with those who are interested in the activities of RSL. The interested parts should also be able to influence the activities of RSL.
The RSL was originated at offices belonging to the Ministry of Defence mainly as a result of the aviation activities of the Army (since 1913) and the Navy (since 1917). The groundwork for the foundation of RSL started during World War I in 1917, when civil aviation in the Netherlands was non-existent. On 1 January 1920 the RSL was transfer from the Ministry of Defence to the Ministry of Public Works because after the war the defence spending was cut drastically and civil aviation appeared in the horizon.
As early as 1922, the Minister of Public Works proposed to terminate RSL. The main argument was that the annual funding was considered extravagant. Fortunately nothing happened immediately and the dispute continued for many years.
When in 1918 the RSL was planned, the location at the Navy Yard in Amsterdam was meant as a temporary site only. Prof. van Royen intended to establish a permanent laboratory in Delft, in close association with Delft University of Technology (TU Delft). However, the university apparently was not too eager to accommodate the RSL, probably because of the problems encountered in the 1920s after the RSL became part of the Ministry of Public Works. Also, flight testing had become an important part of the activities and several people felt that a location close to Schiphol and Fokker was more important than being close to TU Delft.
The RSL essentially developed along the lines as planned during 1918-1919, till it was converted in the independent Foundation NLL in 1937. The only major change in its formal task took place when a separate Department of Civil Aviation (RLD) was created to supervise airworthiness and aircraft operations in the Netherlands. However this did not have much effect on the technical content of the work of the RSL; it was a separation of responsibilities. This shift of responsibilities was related to the desire of the aircraft industry in the 1930s to have a national laboratory to which all interested parts would have access on an equal basis, according to Ir. A.J. Marx.
The centre piece of the laboratory was an Eiffel type wind tunnel. The construction of the wind tunnel was complicated because with only limited information available, Dr. Ir. E.B. Wolff managed to produce an operational tunnel by March 1919 and it was shown at the official opening of the RSL.
The tunnel – essentially a pipe with two open ends – had the air drawn from the room in which the tunnel was placed and it was exhausted into that same room at the other end. It must be assumed that he decided on an Eiffel type tunnel because of the size and limitations of the building and on the results published by Eiffel. Through this arrangement he achieved at least a facility of reasonable size and Reynolds Number. The tunnel had an open test section and, with a maximum power of 30 Horsepower, the mean velocity at the 1.6 meter diameter test section was 25 m/s. However, the uniformity of the flow across the test section was quite unsatisfactory and large fluctuations in time occurred.
After investigations of the flow in the wind tunnel, several modifications were introduced. The result was that by July 1920 a fairly uniform and steady air flow of about 35 m/s in the test section was obtained. This tunnel was used extensively for a period of 20 years for a variety of aeronautical and non-aeronautical tests and, apart from smaller research facilities which were built at TU Delft, it was the only wind tunnel available for aeronautical development in the Netherlands till 1940.
In the meantime Wolff and Koning carried out studies for new wind tunnel facilities. As a result, two closed type wind tunnels were built in the new laboratory at Sloterweg in Amsterdam that became fully operational in 1940. One was the LST 3 x 2 m² which was large enough to simulate powered aircraft flight and a smaller, the LST 1.5 x 1.5 m² tunnel for research purposes and non-aeronautical wind tunnel testing. They were the main low speed aerodynamics facilities for over 40 years till the DNW (the joint venture with the German sister organisation DLR) became operational in 1980, followed by the LST 3 x 2.25 m² of NLR, both in the Noordoostpolder.
During the five years of the Second World War the total contract work-load of the laboratory decreased dramatically although the personnel increased by 40%. However, it appears that a large number of subjects were studied in depth. When the Allied Forces entered the Netherlands in September 1944 the situation changed very dramatically. The food and fuel supply, already at a bare minimum, practically stopped. Everybody at the laboratory was mentally occupied with the problems of war, survival, food and fuel. 
It took several months after the Liberation Day on 5 May 1945 for the normal operations of the laboratory to become re-established. Although the laboratory did not incur physical damage during the war, it was not in good condition after the war. Above that, until 1952 there was a political climate unfavourable to NLL especially in terms of financial support for the expansion plans of the NLL that included a HST, among other facilities.
The year 1950 marked the beginning of international co-operation and cross utilisation of facilities between NLL and ONERA. On 23 February 1955 a contract between AICMA-CIPS and NLL was signed which stipulated that NLL would make available the HST to members of AICMA for up to 50% of the available testing time. Later, in 1976, a two-nation aeronautical test facility, the DNW of Germany and the Netherlands, became a reality, and it took until 1988 when finally a four-nation (France, Germany, the UK and the Netherlands) aeronautical test facility, the ETW, was opened.
In 1957, after a period of deliberations and negotiations, an area of 2 square kilometres was purchased in the Noordoostpolder (NOP). In 1958 the first NLR employees started working there. Since then there has been a gradual shift of activities from Amsterdam the NOP and several buildings were added.
A staff of approximately 650 people is employed at two sites, one located in Amsterdam, and the other in Marknesse (about 100 km north-east of Amsterdam). Over two-thirds of the staff are graduates from universities or technical colleges, with a large variety in specialised professions such as aerospace engineers, psychologists, mathematicians and physicists. Such variety is necessary for ensuring the broad expertise that is needed for coping with the most challenging problems in the aerospace sector.
At its two sites NLR owns several sophisticated aerospace research facilities, including different wind tunnels, such as the Low Speed Wind tunnel, the Transonic and the Supersonic Wind Tunnel. Exploitation of these wind tunnels and the wind tunnels of DLR have been entrusted to the foundation German-Dutch wind tunnels (DNW), which also includes a large facility in the Noordoostpolder in which Germany and the Netherlands have a share of 50%.
NLR has a laboratory airplane, a Cessna Citation II (PH-LAB), latter shared with Delft University of Technology (TU Delft).
NLR has developed different flight simulators for research on aircraft and helicopters.
NLR conducts research on future concepts in Air Traffic Management (ATM) and Air Traffic Control (ATC) using its advanced proprietary simulation platform, the NLR ATC Research Simulator (NARSIM). NARSIM consists of two physical instantiations, one for en-route ATC (NARSIM-Radar) and one for airport tower controllers (NARSIM-Tower) with a 360-degrees field-of-view visual system. NARSIM is also used for performance of technology verification and validation activities as well as air traffic controller training.
NLR has installations in which airplane constructions on full scale, components and test samples can be tested. Equipment and software for development of construction of parts for airplanes and space vehicles are also available. For development and construction of composites a special laboratory has been arranged. Moreover, the NLR has instrumentation for flight tests, and several specialized apparatus for development of avionics. Facilities for testing antenna and conduction of so-called environmental tests are used to test several equipments. In the micromechanics workplace the NLR develops models and instruments for wind tunnel tests. The computer network of the NLR contains a supercomputer for the implementation of extensive aerodynamic and structural calculations.
AICMA = Association Internationale des Constructeurs de Matérial Aéronautique (European Association of Aircraft Manufacturers)<br>
CIPS = Comité Internationale Permanent des Souffleries (Permanent Committee on Wind Tunnels)<br>
DLR = Deutsches Zentrum für Luft- und Raumfahrt (German Aerospace Center)<br>
DNW = Deutsch-Niederländischer Windkanal / Duits-Nederlandse Windtunnel (German-Dutch Wind Tunnel)<br>
ETW = European Transonic Wind Tunnel<br>
HST = High Speed Wind Tunnel<br>
LST = Low Speed Wind Tunnel<br>
MRO = Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul<br>
NLL = Nationaal Luchtvaartlaboratorium (National Aeronautical Laboratory)<br>
ONERA = Office National d’Études et de R'echerches Aéronautiques (French Aeronautical Research Organization)<br>
RLD = Rijksluchtvaartdienst (Government Department of Civil Aviation)<br>
RSL = Rijks-Studiedienst voor de Luchtvaart (Government Service for Aeronautical Studies)

</doc>
<doc id="14032954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14032954" title="The Related Companies">
The Related Companies

Related also owns Equinox Fitness clubs and a partnership interest in Union Square Events, the catering, culture, sports, and events business of Danny Meyer’s Union Square Hospitality Group.
In 1972, Stephen M. Ross founded Related Companies, known then as Related Housing Companies.
In 2007, Related received the Honor Award from the National Building Museum for their impact on the built environment, including their creation and management of affordable housing and their commitment to mixed-use urban development projects. The Emerson apartment building in Los Angeles has 271 units, of which 216 are leased at market rates. The other 55 units are at subsidized rates to tenants whose annual incomes are less than 50% of the local median, which was $42,700 for a family of four in 2014.
It is a member of REBNY.

</doc>
<doc id="14032997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14032997" title="Witcomb Cycles">
Witcomb Cycles

Witcomb Cycles, formerly known as Witcomb Lightweight Cycles, is the trading name of the Witcomb Trading Company. It was a British company based in Deptford, South London, specialising in custom handmade steel bicycle frames. The company was founded in 1949, by Ernie Witcomb and his wife Lily. The London shop closed in May 2009.
Ernie Witcomb's father, Tom, a steel worker in local dockyards, started to build frames in 1928 in his east London cellar. In 1951, Ernie bought E.A. Boult, where he had been working since before World War II and, by 1952, started trading as Witcomb Lightweight Cycles with Wally Green as frame builder.
Barrie Witcomb, Ernie Witcomb's son, started his apprenticeship as a frame builder in 1958 at the age of 15, under Malcolm Barker, a former builder at J.R.J. Cycles in Leeds.
In 1959, Witcomb Cycles bought Rotrax Cycles building. In 1961, Witcomb co-founded the Lightweight Cycle Association, one of cycling's first trade-focused organisations. In the 1960s, Witcomb Trading also made frames for Sid Mottram, Rotrax, Velosport and others. More recently they have made frames for the fashion brand Carhartt and Reynolds steel.
Richard Sachs, Peter Weigle, Chris Chance and Ben Serotta, four American frame builders, trained at Witcomb Cycles in the early 1970s, along with the British wheel builder, Harry Rowland.
By the 1980s, the fashion for mountain bikes put a strain on the business, which went into decline. In 1998, Ernie Witcomb retired. The company seems to have been dormant since 2009.
From its beginning, until 2009, the company's headquarters was located in London, starting in Woolwich, then later moving to Tanners Hill in Deptford. After moves from one building to another, the workshop stayed at 25 Tanners Hill, a late 17th century Grade II listed building for many years. During the late 1960s until the early 1980s, the company also operated a factory in Llanelli, Carmarthernshire, Wales. The London site was closed in May 2009, and the business announced an intention to move production to Wales. This does not appear to have materialised.
In 1971, the company represented the UK at a British Fair in New York City. The next year, Witcomb, while exhibiting in San Francisco, received HRH Princess Alexandra and her husband, Sir Angus Ogilvy. This marked a short-lived foray on the US market. Witcomb USA was founded in 1972 in East Haddam, Connecticut by Richard Sachs and Peter Weigle. However, problems with suppliers meant the company could not fulfil demand, and the venture was dismantled after a couple of years.
In the 1960s, Witcomb Cycles sponsored the London Coureurs and the Hadrian CC Riders, then the Witcomb Metro CRC, and the Witcomb Vulcan CRC. Witcomb organised races including Dover-London. At this time Barrie Witcomb started racing as an independent (semi-professional).

</doc>
<doc id="14033574" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14033574" title="ManTech International">
ManTech International

ManTech International Corporation was co-founded in 1968 by George J. Pedersen and Franc Wertheimer. The company uses advanced technology to help government and industry manage and protect information, support and maintain critical systems, and develop integrated systems to handle complex needs.
ManTech has grown to become one of the U.S. government’s leading providers of technologies for national security programs supporting the United States Intelligence Community and Departments of Defense, State, Homeland Security, Energy, Justice, Veterans Affairs, and Health and Human Services; the Space Community; and other government agencies. The firm specializes in C4ISR lifecycle; Cybersecurity; Enterprise IT; Management Consulting; intelligence & counterintelligence; Program Protection and Mission Assurance; Software and Systems Development; Supply Chain Management and Logistics; Systems Engineering; Test and Evaluation; and Training. The firm has supported the telecommunications use in Operation Iraqi Freedom. ManTech's corporate headquarters is located in Fairfax, Virginia; It also has offices in 19 U.S. states, and employees positioned in over 20 countries. The firm has over 7,000 employees and supports more than 50 U.S. government agencies and commercial customers on more than 1,000 contracts. Revenues have increased from $431 million in 2001 to $1.77 billion in 2014.
On February 29, 2012, ManTech announced its purchase of HBGary, Inc. Financial terms of the acquisition were not disclosed other than to say it was an "asset purchase", which excludes legal and financial liabilities.
On January 9, 2013, ManTech completed the acquisition of ALTA Systems, Inc. of Fairfax, Va., an Information Technology (IT) and professional services company with applications in healthcare systems and capital planning.
On February 19, 2014, ManTech completed the acquisition of Allied Technology Group, Inc., an innovative engineering and information management solutions company with strategic contracts with the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
On May 27, 2014, ManTech completed the acquisition of 7Delta, Inc., a progressive company performing applications and software development, program management, systems integration, information assurance, and security architecture services primarily within the healthcare community at the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA).
On April 28, 2015, ManTech completed the acquisition of Welkin Associates, Ltd., formerly a wholly owned subsidiary of CSC.
On June 16, 2015, ManTech completed the acquisition of Knowledge Consulting Group (KCG), a rapidly growing cyber security advisor focused on anticipating threats and implementing defensive countermeasures.
On June 13, 2016, ManTech acquired Oceans Edge, Inc.'s cyber business, a leading provider of cyber network operations (CNO) solutions.
On December 19, 2016, ManTech acquired Edaptive Systems LLC, a leading provider of innovative IT solutions primarily to federal health agencies, with a significant focus on the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS).
The firm supports critical and national security programs through more than 1,000 current contract vehicles, including IDIQs, fixed-price, cost-reimbursement, labor-hour, time-and-materials, and many others.
On October 8, 2015, The Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) awarded ManTech an Enhanced Solutions for Information Technology Enterprise (E-SITE) contract to provide worldwide coverage for IT requirements and technical support services for DIA and other members of the Intelligence Community (IC). This multiple-award, indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) vehicle has a 5-year period of performance, with a potential value of $6 billion.
On December 3, 2015, ManTech has been awarded a contract by the United States Air Force to provide full-spectrum security services to protect mission-critical programs. The cost-plus contract has a 1-year base period and 9 option years, valued at $407 million.
On January 12, 2016, ManTech has been awarded a contract by the Department of Defense to support the defense and Intelligence Community's growing needs for modernization. ManTech will provide integration, systems engineering, sustainment, and deployment support worldwide. The award is for a base period of 1 year, followed by 4 option years. The total projected value is more than $200 million.
On February 12, 2016, The Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office (CTTSO) has awarded ManTech a prime contract to provide contractor advisory and assistance and systems engineering and technical assistance. The cost-plus-fixed-fee task order has a 12-month base period of performance and four 12-month option periods, with a potential total value to ManTech of $71 million.
On April 12, 2016, The Battlefield Information Collection and Exploitation Systems (BICES) Program Office has awarded ManTech a prime GSA OASIS task order to provide Systems Engineering and Technical Assessment and subject matter expertise. This effort involves extensive coordination with the Combatant Commands, Services, and members of the Intelligence Community (IC) to provide intelligence support to operations. The firm-fixed price task order has a 12-month base period of performance and four 12-month option periods, with a potential total value to ManTech of $33 million.
On May 16, 2016, The U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) has awarded ManTech a prime contract to provide operational and user maintenance (O&uM) and software maintenance support to the Product Manager (PM) Joint Personnel Identification (JPI) Quick Reaction Capabilities (QRC) Sustainment. The PM JPI is responsible for ensuring the QRC task order supports warfighter needs by sustaining adequate O&uM and software maintenance functions required on a daily basis. The QRC requirement includes both hardware (devices) and software that are used for biometrics collection, storage, matching, and analysis in a forward operating environment. The cost-plus-fixed-fee task order has a 12-month base period of performance and one 12-month option period, with a potential total value to ManTech of $44.2 million.
On June 7, 2016, The Missile Defense Agency (MDA) has awarded ManTech a contract to provide technical, engineering, advisory, and management support and counterintelligence advisory and assistance services. This cost-plus-fixed-fee contract has two base years and three 1-year options with a value of approximately $32 million.
On June 9, 2016, The Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (SPAWARSYSCEN) Atlantic has awarded ManTech a task order to provide engineering support on behalf of the U.S. Naval Observatory (USNO). The cost-plus-fixed-fee task order has a 12-month base period of performance and two 12-month option periods, with a potential total value to ManTech of $34 million.
On August 10, 2016, The General Services Administration Federal Acquisition Service (GSA FAS) has awarded ManTech two task orders on behalf of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to provide cybersecurity and cloud solutions to combat cyber threats, with a potential total value to ManTech of $110 million.
On August 18, 2016, The Defense Technical Information Center, under its Defense Systems Technical Area Tasks vehicle, has awarded ManTech a prime task order to provide research, engineering, science, technology, rapid prototyping, development, advisory, and integration services in support of Marine Corps Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Enterprise (MCISRE) strategic, operational, and tactical intelligence objectives. The cost-plus-fixed-fee task order has a 5-year period of performance, with a potential total value to ManTech of $208 million.
On August 23, 2016, The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has awarded ManTech a prime contract to develop a joint service-oriented architecture prototype integrating operational data for real-time situational awareness to enhance border security. Work will be performed in various locations across the United States and at the U.S. Customs and Border Protection headquarters in Washington, D.C., with an estimated completion date of March 10, 2019. The cost-plus-fixed-fee task order has a 12-month base period of performance and two 12-month option periods, with a potential total value to ManTech of $24 million.
On November 17, 2016, The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) has awarded ManTech a contract to provide information technology enterprise management services (ITEMS) and enterprise management/cyber security services (EM/CSS). The firm-fixed-price contract has 1 base year and 4 option years, with a potential value of $322 million.
ManTech Commercial Services is a consulting business unit of ManTech International based in Herndon, Virginia. The division began operations in 2015, with Kent Warren as the founding President.

</doc>
<doc id="14033888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14033888" title="Montague Bikes">
Montague Bikes

Montague is a privately held company that designs, manufactures, and sells full-size folding bicycles for recreation, everyday use, and potential military customers. 
The company is based in Cambridge, Massachusetts with distribution in over 25 countries worldwide. 
Montague Corporation was formed in 1987 by David Montague, while in graduate school at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, along with his father Harry Montague. Harry, a Washington, D.C. architect and inventor, developed the original design for the Montague full-size folding bike as a result of his need for a portable bike that would fit his 6'2" frame. That first bicycle designed by Montague was dubbed the "Montague BiFrame" for its patented Concentrus system, which unites the two parts of the frame with concentric seat tubes, one nested inside the other. This system allows a bike with a full-size wheel and frame to fold in half without cutting any structural tubes, maintaining the structural integrity of the bike. Montague bikes were designed using industry standard parts, including full-size wheels, a departure from other folding bike makers use of more proprietary parts and small wheels in order to make the frames more compact.
While producing the BiFrame design, Montague worked closely with Schwinn Bicycle Company and in 1991 the Schwinn Montague M100 was first marketed and sold through Schwinn dealers. In a partnership with car manufacturer BMW, the Montague BMW BiFrame was chosen as the official mountain bike of the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta Georgia and featured in the opening ceremonies.
In 1997, Montague received a grant from DARPA, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to work with the United States Marine Corps in developing the Tactical Electric No Signature (TENS) Mountain bike. The project led to the development of a new folding bike design that allowed faster folding for Paratrooper exit from military aircraft with the bike. This gave rise to the Paratrooper, Montague's non-electric Military Mountain Bike. The design was later dubbed the X-Frame. In 1999, folding bikes using the X-Frame design were first made available to the civilian population under the Montague name. In 2002, development and marketing of an upscale X-Frame folding mountain bike began in conjunction with General Motors' Hummer product line. Promotional distribution of Montague designed Hummer bicycles took place through GM dealerships.
In 2010, Montague premiered a completely new product line and added a series of Pavement folding bikes. Designed specifically for urban and road riding, they were the first folding bikes with standard size 700c road wheels. The pavement models featured a new double top tube design with more elegant lines and lighter weight than the X-Series. All models were equipped with a redesigned folding mechanism for a faster, easier fold. In 2011, Montague added to its Pavement bike line with the Boston 8, the first folding bike to incorporate the Shimano Nexus 8 speed internal gear hub. 2012 saw the introduction of the Montague Paratrooper PRO, a version of the original Paratrooper with an upgraded drivetrain and suspension.
In 2013, Montague began marketing frame sets as standalone products, allowing other manufacturers and custom bike builders to use Montague folding frames for their own models.
Inventor Harry Montague died February 2, 2011.
All Montague bicycles feature their patented folding design and are equipped with full-size 26" or 700c wheels. The 26" mountain models include the Swissbike X50, Paratrooper, Paratrooper Pro, Swissbike X70, and Swissbike X90. The 700c pavement models include the Crosstown, Boston, Boston 8, Navigator, and FIT. The bikes range in price from $629.95 for the Swissbike X50 to $1995.00 for the top of the line Swissbike X90.
In addition to complete bicycles, Montague also designs and produces components to make cycling more comfortable and enjoyable for riders. Their patented Octagon Steering System allows for the adjustment of handlebar height by up to 4 inches without the use of tools. It is compatible with any bicycle with a 1 and 1/8" steel steerer tube. The Octagon first appeared on Montague bikes in 2008 and was released as an aftermarket component in 2011. The Octagon is being distributed by Quality Bicycle Products and is available from bike shops throughout the US.

</doc>
<doc id="14034622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14034622" title="PIN Group">
PIN Group

The PIN Group was a German courier and postal services company. It belonged to PIN Group S.A., a Luxembourg-based corporate affiliation made up of several German postal companies.
The PIN Group originally traded under the name "Briefdienstleistungsunternehmen PIN intelligente Dienstleistungen AG", a postal services company founded in 1999 in Berlin. In 2004, Axel Springer AG and the publishing group Verlagsgruppe Holtzbrinck each bought a majority shareholding of 30% from the company founders and venture capital company DKB Wagniskapital GmbH. In October 2005 the remaining shares of the PIN founders were acquired by WAZ-Mediengruppe and the Luxembourg investment company Rosalia Investment S.A. before founding the PIN Group. In the summer of 2006 the newspaper publishers Madsack, M. DuMont Schauberg, Rheinisch-Bergische
Verlagsgesellschaft and W. Girardet merged their postal services divisions into the company, receiving in return a 10 per cent holding of PIN Group AG. Following the takeover of Briefnetz Süd GmbH & Co. KG (BNS), a consortium of postal services providers owned by 12 newspaper publishers in Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg, since April 2007 the PIN Group has operated a mail delivery network throughout the whole of Germany. To offer delivery services to German authorities and government departments, the PIN Group acquired Ulm-based postal services provider DirektExpress.
Since June 2007, the majority shareholder in the PIN Group has been the Axel Springer publishing company, after raising its holding from 23.5% to 71.6%. Axel Springer bought these shares from WAZ, Holtzbrinck and Rosalia for €510 million.
The holding company, PIN Group S.A. is responsible for laying down the strategy of the entire corporate affiliation and planning day-to-day operations, which are managed and organised by the German subsidiaries and shareholding companies.
In February 2007 around 7000 people worked for the PIN Group. The chairman of the executive board, Günter Thiel announced that the company planned to expand to more than 20,000 employees by the end of 2007 
In the autumn of 2007 PIN Group successfully acquired business from a variety of Germany cooperative savings banks.
In November 2007, the German coalition government set the minimum wage for postal workers at €8 to €9.80 per hour. Due to the cost squeeze on owner Axel Springer, the company was quoted by the German Financial Times as examining "a variety of options" ranging from selling the company to closing down operations entirely. On 5 Dec 2007, PIN Group subsequently announced it was to lay off 1000 employees, more than 1/10 of the workforce, simultaneously criticising the German government for "consciously taking into account that investments worth billions to Germany ... would go to waste". In his 2007 Christmas address to the nation, German President Horst Köhler described the introduction of the minimum wage in the postal sector as "risky", stating that "a minimum wage that can not be paid by competitive employers destroys jobs".
The PIN Group CEO, Günter Thiel, resigned his position on 17 Dec 2007 after Axel Springer Publishing turned down his offer to buy its remaining 63.7% share in the company. His plan had been to continue to manage the company under his own finances.
On 29 December 2007 the delivery company saarriva, which is based in the German State of Saarland and is partly owned by PIN Group filed for bankruptcy.
On 23 January 2008 it was announced by Horst Piepenburg, the newly appointed chairman, that PIN would agree to pay its workers the newly defined minimum wage which had been set at €9.80 per hour.
Reports at the end of January 2008 stated that chairman Horst Piepenburg had entered discussions with American holdings, including the Blackstone Group, Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) and Advent International, although the company subsequently denied the claim.
Now bankrupt.
The PIN Group uses the colour green to differentiate itself from Deutsche Post, the postal services company formerly run as a monopoly by the German state, whose post boxes and delivery vans are in a distinctive yellow. Postal workers announce their arrival with the words [translated] "PIN, green post". Deutsche Post AG took legal steps to prevent this but lost the case in 2005 when the Hamburg state court ruled that this did not cause confusion with regard to the term "post".
The PIN Group sees itself as the leading alternative provider of postal services in Germany, preparing itself for the abolition of Deutsche Post's exclusive right to deliver letters under 50 grams, which ran out on 1 January 2008.
A number of trade unions and employee representatives have protested at the treatment and employment terms of PIN staff claiming that the company can only undercut Deutsche Post postal charges by hiring cheap workers on salaries just above the minimum wage. The PIN Group has argued that, unlike arch-rival Deutsche Post, it is obliged to pay value-added tax.
In February 2007, leading German trade union Ver.di announced plans to negotiate a tariff agreement under regular arbitration with the company.
In November 2007, with the impending advent of privatisation raising awareness of the issue, a number of areas of the media - led by newspapers belonging to leading shareholder Axel Springer - condemned moves by politicians and the unions to introduce a minimum wage for postal workers.
The PIN Group corporate affiliation encompasses the following subsidiaries:
The PIN Group also owns 

</doc>
<doc id="14034974" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14034974" title="Askøy Energi">
Askøy Energi

Askøy Energi ("English: Askoy Energi") is a power company that serves Askøy in Norway. It provides the power grid in the municipality, as well as selling electricity through the subsidiary Askøy Energi Kraftomsetning, with a total of 11,000 customers. It was created as a limited company by the municipality in 1995, but was then sold to Fredrikstad Energi in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="14035173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14035173" title="Energi 1">
Energi 1

Energi 1 is a power company that serves Røyken, Ski, Enebakk and Nesodden in Norway. It provides the power grid in the municipality, with a total of 34,000 customers, as well as selling electricity through the subsidiary Energi 1 Kraftsalg Follo AS. Formerly the company was owned by the municipalities it serves.

</doc>
<doc id="14035831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14035831" title="The Prince's Charities">
The Prince's Charities

The Prince's Charities, The Prince's Charities Canada (), and The Prince's Charities Australia are three groups of non-profit organisations that each have associations with Prince Charles, Prince of Wales. The Prince's Charities, supported by The Prince's Charities Foundation, is based in the United Kingdom and comprises 19 organisations of which the Prince of Wales is patron or president; 18 were founded personally by Charles. The Prince's Charities Canada is a Canadian entity formed by a collection of nine preexisting charitable organisations with prior connections to the Prince of Wales. All the charities focus on Charles' core interests, including aiding disadvantaged youth, education, responsible business, improvement of the built environment, regeneration of heritage, and environmental sustainability.
Most of the charities are independent of each other and all are each run by their own boards. The Prince of Wales is president of all the charities and founded 17 of them; however, as president, he is a figurehead and public face for the charities involved and has no legal responsibility. The aim of The Prince's Charities is "to improve the overall effectiveness of the group, building on shared strengths to ensure their long term success and sustainability." The costs of the office are paid for by The Prince's Charities Foundation.
In autumn 2010, Prince Charles published a book, "", and produced a film, both articulating the principles and underlying philosophies of many of these charities.
Through 2003 and 2004, a small office was established within the Office of the Prince of Wales to deal specifically with Prince Charles' charitable work. Sir Tom Shebbeare took up the new position of Director of Charities, with particular responsibility for the development and good governance of the 16 operational charities in which Charles had a particular interest. By the following year, the group had been given a new identity, "The Prince's Charities", and the Charities Office had developed new policies and procedures for the group. The Charities Office, set up at Clarence House, employed by 2008 some eight full-time staff. The charities form the largest multi-cause charitable enterprise in the UK and collectively work in 38 countries. They together raise approximately $200 million each year.
In addition to independent charities, Charles established a number of separate charitable initiatives, which include Mosaic, a Muslim youth mentoring campaign; The Prince's Wool Project, to support the UK wool industry; START, to help promote sustainable living; The Cambrian Mountain Initiative, to support the economy in that area of Wales; and The Prince's Rainforest Project, to protect rainforests. In 2011, the Pakistan Recovery Fund was developed, which is intended to support the recovery from the floods seen in that country in 2010.
The charities in The Prince's Charities group are often grouped according to the areas of charitable activity that they are involved with.
The Prince's Charities Foundation also has a number of wholly owned subsidiary companies: Duchy Originals Ltd, the Prince's Charities Events, and Traditional Arts Ltd. The Highgrove Shop is part of the A.G. Carrick company.
The Prince’s Charities Canada (PCC) was founded with the aid of Galen and Hillary Weston. Its work is focused on the Prince of Wales’s core interests, which have been established in the UK for more than 30 years. These include improving the lives of disadvantaged youth, education, responsible business, improving the built environment, regeneration of heritage, environmental sustainability, and support for the armed forces. The PCC works with existing Canadian charities already connected to the Prince and facilitates new opportunities for charitable organizations in Canada and the UK to work together. The organisation does not distribute money; "it sees itself as a convener, helping to connect the Canadian charities Charles supports with new opportunities for growth." Amanda Sherrington is the President and Chief Executive Officer of the PCC.
The organisations are grouped under six initiatives:
Ex-members of the Canadian Forces are provided with financial assistance, further education, and mentoring on business practices through the Canadian Youth Business Foundation (a group long affiliated with The Prince's Youth Business International) and Students in Free Enterprise, Memorial University branch, together within The Prince's Operations Entrepreneur program.
The groups Canadian Business for Social Responsibility and the Wellesley Institute work together under The Prince's Seeing is Believing (PSiB) program, which is modelled on that of the same name that was started by Prince Charles in the UK in the early 1990s. It aims to connect corporate leadership with programs serving disadvantaged people in order to demonstrate the benefits of responsible business. The PSiB's first organised meeting between 17 executives from various professional fields and young, homeless individuals involved with the Yonge Street Mission and UforChange took place in January 2012.
The Heritage Canada Foundation administers and presents annually The Prince of Wales Prize for Municipal Heritage Leadership to municipalities that have shown commitment to preservation of historic structures and spaces. The concept of the award came following a visit by the Prince of Wales to a restored 18th century house in New Brunswick and a meeting with a member of the Heritage Canada Foundation's board of directors.
Developed by The Royal Conservatory of Music, the Learning Through the Arts (LTTA) program is a structured curriculum that uses the arts to teach other subjects such as math and science and includes training for teachers and artists. This program was imported by the Prince of Wales to the UK, where it is administered by The Prince's Foundation for Children and the Arts. In several aboriginal communities, the PCC also funds projects to strengthen the survival of traditional arts and crafts.
This prize is presented annually by the Canadian Institute of Forestry to recognize the achievements of an outstanding young forest professional in Canada. The purpose is to encourage engagement in and dedication to the principles of sustainable forest management policy, planning and practice, sound science-based land stewardship, and public outreach and knowledge exchange focusing on the wise use and conservation of forests and the ecosystems that they encompass.
Following on the initiative in the UK, the PCC brought to Canada the Campaign for Wool Initiative, intended to demonstrate wool as "a sustainable fabric, as something that supports rural livelihoods, rural economies, and a really interesting and versatile fabric that happens to be antimicrobial, [and] flame retardant".
Created in 2015 in cooperation with We Day and sponsored by the Royal Bank of Canada, The Prince's Youth Service Awards "honour exceptional young Canadians who are taking positive actions both here at home and in the global community" in four categories: local community development, global action, social entrepreneurship, and sustainability. Individuals may nominate themselves with support from family or educators. The first presentation of the awards is expected to take place. Recipients will be selected by a committee that includes Joe Mimran and Mike "Pinball" Clemons. Each winner receives a statue, an invitation to a leadership development programme, and a bursary to aid in bringing ideas to fruition.
The proceeds from sales of Prince Charles' Duchy Originals products in Canada are donated to the charities associated with The Prince's Charities Canada. More than one million dollars has been raised annually in this manner.
The Prince’s Charities Australia is based in Melbourne, Victoria, and was established to provide a coordinating presence for the Prince of Wales’s Australian and international charitable endeavors. The Prince’s Charities aims to assist wherever possible in delivering improved outcomes for the communities of people and of interest served by the Prince of Wales’s charities; enhanced coordination of the Prince of Wales’s charitable interests in Australia; and increased collaboration and communication between the Prince of Wales’s family of charities in the UK and similar and related charities in Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="14035997" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14035997" title="Fredrikstad Energi">
Fredrikstad Energi

Fredrikstad Energi, branded as FEAS is a Norwegian power company that operates in Fredrikstad and Hvaler. The company is owned by the Municipality of Fredrikstad (51%) and Fortum (49%).
The company has bought a number of privatized power grid operators and power distribution companies in Norway, including Energi 1, Røyken Energiverk and Askøy Energi, as well as the now integrated Hvaler kommunale elverk. FEAS also is the largest owner of the Norwegian football premiership team Fredrikstad F.K. with 24% ownership.

</doc>
<doc id="14037376" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14037376" title="Østfold Energi">
Østfold Energi

Østfold Energi is a Norwegian energy producer within the business areas of hydropower, wind and heat. The company operates hydroelectric power plants in Østfold and Sogn og Fjordane with an annual power production of 1,680 TW·h/year. The power plants operated by Østfold Energi are Borgund power plant (1013 GWh/year), Stuvane power plant (165 GW·h/yr), Nyset-Steggje power plant (449 GW·h/yr), Brekke power plant (30 GW·h/yr), Tistedalsfoss power plant (13 GW·h/yr) and Ørje power plant (9 GW·h/yr).
In 2009 Østfold Energi, together with Nord-Trøndelag Elektrisitetsverk, purchased Siso and Lakshola power plants in Nordland county. Combined production at the power plants totals around 1 TWh. This acquisition brings Østfold Energi’s share of Norway’s total hydropower production to around 1.7 per cent.
Østfold Energi is co-owner of Kvalheim Kraft DA who owns and operates the windmill park Mehuken in Sogn og Fjordane on the west coast of Norway. The wind farm was opened in 2001 with five wind turbines. In 2010 the wind farm was extended with additional eight wind turbines. The annual production of electricity is now 65 GWh. The approximately 3,000 households in the Vågsøy municipality are now self-supported with electricity from the wind turbines at Mehuken.
Østfold Energi owns and operates two modern waste-to-energy plants. The plant in Sarpsborg converts waste residue (house refuse and industrial waste) into thermal energy (process steam) to Borregaard. The plant in Rakkestad provides process steam and district heating to nearby industrial companies. Totally 181 GWh thermal energy was produced at the waste-to-energy plants during 2010.
The company also holds ownership of Zephyr (33%), Norsk Grønnkraft (25%), Kvalheim Kraft (33%), Rygge sivile lufthavn (15%) and Hafslund (4.5%).
The company is owned by Østfold county municipality and thirteen municipalities in Østfold: Østfold county municipality (50%), the municipality of Sarpsborg (14.29%), Halden (7.14%), Moss (7.14%), Askim (4.29%), Fredrikstad (4.29%), Eidsberg (2.86%), Aremark (1.43%), Hobøl (1.43%), Marker (1.43%), Rømskog (1.43%), Skiptvet (1.43%), Spydeberg (1.43%), Våler (1.43%).
The company was created through the 1960s to the 1980s as a merger between the municipal owned power companies throughout Østfold, with only five municipalities not joining. Until 1997 the company was named Østfold Energiverk.
In 2000 49% of the grid and retail subsidiaries were sold to Swedish Sydkraft, and in 2003 Sydkraft took over the distribution, installation and retailing subsidiaries while the power production was left in Østfold Energi. The same year Sydkraft swapped its ownership to Fortum in a business deal.

</doc>
<doc id="14038128" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14038128" title="Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers">
Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers

The Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers (AMPTP) is a trade association based in Sherman Oaks, California that represents over 350 American television and film production companies in collective bargaining negotiations with entertainment industry trade unions that include, among others, SAG-AFTRA, the Directors Guild of America, the Writers Guild of America, West, the Writers Guild of America, East, the American Federation of Musicians and the International Alliance of Theatrical Stage Employees.
The AMPTP was founded in 1924 as the Association of Motion Picture Producers, or AMPP. As the entertainment industry's official collective bargaining representative, the AMPTP, like the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), is a key trade association for major film and television producers in the United States. The AMPTP currently negotiates 80 industry-wide collective bargaining agreements on behalf of over 350 motion picture and television producers. Member companies include the major motion picture studios, broadcast television networks, certain cable television networks and independent film and television producers.
Nick Counter (March 21, 1940 - November 6, 2009) was President of the AMPTP from 1982 until March 2009.
Other former presidents and chairmen have included Lew Wasserman, Jack Valenti and the late Richard Jencks.
The current President is Carol Lombardini.

</doc>
<doc id="14038182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14038182" title="Ayotte Drums">
Ayotte Drums

Ayotte Drums is a custom drum company based in Bedford, Quebec, Canada. It was founded in 1982 in Vancouver, British Columbia by Ray Ayotte, who was forced out of the company after losing majority control to his investors in the late '90s. Ayotte is especially well known for their resurrection and improvement of wooden drum hoops, developed as an aesthetic & acoustically pleasing alternative option in place of diecast zinc or flanged steel hoops, although Ayotte also still offers steel hoops. The company's tension mounts (a.k.a. "lugs") assembly is also unique unusual. Using a cut-away lug housing, the traditional tension rod intersects perpendicular to a cylindrical nut (similar to rack-and-pinion) with a nylon plug insert, which once tightened with an Allen wrench makes movement of the tension rod virtually impossible, thus ensuring the drum will stay in tune longer. Ayotte's TuneLock tension system is guaranteed to be indestructible under normal use.
In the early 1990s, Ayotte produced a limited semiprofessional line of maple drums dubbed "Drumsmith", available in a limited selection of colors and sharing the same lugs as their custom line. The most distinctive visual cue between the Drumsmith line and the custom operation lies with the bass drum hoops, which for the Drumsmith line were offered only in a natural lacquer.
Also in the 1990s, Ayotte began producing their most often-requested sizes and finishes in the custom line in advance, rather than wait for a specific customer order. Made in the same facility, by the same craftsman, with the same materials and machinery, the Ayotte Pro line is simply an expedited form of their custom line.
In the later half of the 2000s, Ayotte began offering a new small-scale line of drums, the Velvet series.
Ayotte products are praised often on drum-related forums across the Internet for their sound and build quality. However, the company itself is infamous for their lack of customer service. Wait times for individual Ayotte drums can take many years. One example of a replacement wooden hoop took 7+ years to be delivered after being ordered. In recent months, reaching Ayotte Drums has been very easy compared to earlier years with the new staff, which promises a potentially great growth in resolving these issues. Ayotte drums relaunched their website after a short period of inactivity.
Ray Ayotte rejoined the company in December 2013. After 2 years being retained as an ambassador to the brand, Mr. Ayotte employment was terminated soon after the North American Music Merchant (NAMM) convention of 2015. 
Ayotte Drums determined, in 2007, a more efficient factory with a reliable manufacturing staff was necessary to facilitate the anticipated changes arising from probable markets shifts in distribution and demand. The search for an appropriate location began in spring 2008. This required two years including three provinces and more than twelve sites to complete the search.
The factory was moved to Bedford, Quebec in September 2010.
A number of drummers endorse or have endorsed Ayotte drums, including Matt Cameron of Soundgarden and Pearl Jam, Jon Fishman of Phish, Allen Aucoin of The Disco Biscuits, Eloy Polito Sánchez of Alejandra Guzmán, Ryan Vikedal of Nickelback, and Jamie Chabun of State of the Art. However, most of those artists have gone on to endorse other companies who were more willing and/or able to support them.

</doc>
<doc id="14039532" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14039532" title="Brookmeade Stable">
Brookmeade Stable

Brookmeade Stable was a successful thoroughbred horse racing stable owned by Dodge Automobile heiress and socialite Isabel Dodge Sloane. Sloane first won using the name Brookmeade Stable at the Manly Memorial Steeplechase at Pimlico in 1924.
If 1929, Sloane divorced and expanded her interest in horse racing. She purchased in Upperville, Virginia, again using the name Brookmeade Stable. Sloane later developed the estate into a breeding farm, Brookmeade Stud, producing several successful race horses, including Sword Dancer. Brookmeade Stable raced several other winning horses, including High Quest and Cavalcade.
Brookmeade's success allowed Sloane to become the first woman to lead the United States in race earning in 1934, with $251,138.
The stables of Brookmeade in Upperville, Virginia now constitute Lazy Lane Farms.

</doc>
<doc id="14042743" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14042743" title="Sogn og Fjordane Energi">
Sogn og Fjordane Energi

Sogn og Fjordane Energi is a power company that operates in Sogn og Fjordane in Norway. It operates ten hydroelectric power stations and the power grid in the municipalities of Askvoll, Bremanger, Eid, Flora, Gloppen, Naustdal, Selje and Vågsøy. Annual average production is 1,263 GWh.
The company was created in 2003 and is owned by Sogn og Fjordane County Municipality (47.76%), Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap (38.51%) as well as the municipalities of Flora (4.71%), Gloppen (3.33%), Bremanger (2.51%), Askvoll (1.50%), Selje (1.45%), Eid (0.15%) and Naustdal (0.08%). It was created after a merger of SFE, Ytre Fjordane Kraftlag, Gloppen Elektrisistetsverk, Firdakraft and Eid Energi.
SFE has six wholly owned power stations, Skorge, Skogheim, Øksenelvane, Skogheim, Sagefossen, Åskåra as well as 35% of Leirdøla. It also operates three power stations owned by Gloppen municipality, Eidsfossen, Trysilfossen, Evebøfossen.

</doc>
<doc id="14043409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14043409" title="Sognekraft">
Sognekraft

Sognekraft is a power company that operates four hydroelectric power stations as well as the power grid in Balestrand, Leikanger, Sogndal and Vik in Norway. Annual average production is 436 GWh.
The company is owned by Bergenshalvøens Kommunale Kraftselskap (44.44%), Luster Energiverk (12.91%) as well as the municipalities of Vik (19.79%), Sogndal (10.98%), Luster (6.88%), Balestrand (2.50%) and Leikanger (2.50%).

</doc>
<doc id="14048474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14048474" title="Noise (company)">
Noise (company)

Noise was founded with a staff of 10 people on September 2, 1996 for the original purpose of developing games for PCs. A short time after, Noise became a part of Marigul Management, a company created by Nintendo and the Japanese telecommunications company Recruit for the purpose of enlisting smaller developers to make original games for the Nintendo 64.
The company’s first commercially published game, "Custom Robo" for the Nintendo 64, was released in Japan on December 9, 1999 and became a commercial success in Japan, prompting Nintendo to formally enter a publishing agreement with Noise. In 2006, Custom Robo was released in China for the iQue Player, making it the only Custom Robo title ever to be released there.
Its second released title was "Custom Robo V2", which was released on November 10, 2000 and was also met with commercial success in Japan. It released its first portable video game for the Game Boy Advance, "Custom Robo GX", on July 26, 2002.
Despite the impressive sales of the previous games in the "Custom Robo" franchise, the series’s first localized appearance in North America is with "" for the GameCube, released in 2004.
The company's first online multiplayer game is "Custom Robo Arena", for the Nintendo DS title. Its latest game, "Custom Robo Arena" was released in 2006, three years after Marigul was closed. In 2007, "Custom Robo Arena" was released in PAL regions, making it the first title of the series ever released in those regions, as well as being released in more regions than every other title of the series.
The company developed and released "Go Go Cosmo Cops" for the Nintendo DS in 2009, only for PAL regions. It was published by Namco Bandai. A planned Japan release as "Shutsugeki! Acroknights" was later quietly canceled.
"Korogashi Puzzle Katamari Damacy" (), a falling block puzzle video game, was developed by them and released by Namco Bandai for the Nintendo DSi's DSiWare digital download service. It is a spin-off of the "Katamari" series
"Kenkenba" for iOS and Android was developed by Noise and released on November 28, 2011.
It developed "Gyrozetter: Wings Of The Albatross" with Square Enix and released it on the June 13, 2013 for the Nintendo 3DS 

</doc>
<doc id="14049757" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14049757" title="China Railway Engineering Corporation">
China Railway Engineering Corporation

The China Railway Engineering Corporation (CRECG) is a state-owned holding company of China, which under the supervision by the State Council. The company is the major shareholders of China Railway Group Limited (CREC), its subsidiary.
The history of the company could be traced back to 1950, which was the General Bureau of Capital Construction of the Ministry of Railways. In 1989, China Railway Engineering Corporation (CRECG) and China Railway Construction Corporation (CRCCG) were formed as subsidiaries of the ministry. In 2000, they were transferred from the ministry to "Central Large Enterprise Work Commission" of the Communist Party of China. In 2003, they were under supervision of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), a commission of the State Council. Since then, they became competitors despite both being state-owned.
Numbers of former subsidiary of CRECG were now belongs to CRCCG, namely China Railway First Survey and Design Institute Group.
In 2007, a limited company was incorporated (China Railway Group Limited), CRECG transferred most of their assets to the subsidiary. In 2008 the subsidiary became a publicly traded company which floats in Shanghai and Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

</doc>
<doc id="14050996" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14050996" title="Jetta (company)">
Jetta (company)

Jetta International is an American original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and designer of computer laptops, mainly operating in the East Coast. The company was established in 1991, and is based in Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, (close to Princeton), where its only manufacturing plant is located.
"Jetbook", the laptop series manufactured by Jetta, has Intel microprocessors and is supplied with a customizable selection of software. Jetbooks are known in the open source community because they can be purchased without a pre-installed operating system.

</doc>
<doc id="14051212" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14051212" title="Lyse Energi">
Lyse Energi

Lyse (Norwegian for "(to) light") is a power company based in Jæren and Ryfylke, Norway. The company operates ten hydroelectric and one thermal power plants, the power grid in 16 municipalities as well as fiberoptic broadband (Altibox) and other telecommunication services, natural gas distribution, district heating, burglar alarms, liquefied natural gas, retailing and installation services. The company's head office is located in Stavanger.
In 2015 the company changed its name from Lyse Energi AS to Lyse AS. 
The company is owned by the municipalities of Stavanger (43.68%), Sandnes (19.53%), Sola (8.74%), Time (5.83%), Klepp (4.23%), Hå (3.78%), Randaberg (3.28%), Eigersund (2.95%), Strand (2.53%), Rennesøy (1.15%), Hjelmeland (0.99%), Gjesdal (0.93%), Finnøy (0.91%), Lund (0.71%), Bjerkreim (0.51%) and Kvitsøy (0.23%). Lyse operates the power grid in all these municipalities.
Lyse operates the hydroelectric power stations of Breiava, Flørli, Hauskje, Hetland, Jørpeland, Lysebotn, Maudal, Oltesvik, Sviland, Tjodan as well as the thermal power plant Bærheim.
The company was founded in 1999 as a merger between the municipal power companies in Stavanger, Sandnes, Sola, Time as well as Ryfylke Energi and Lyse Kraft.

</doc>
<doc id="14051454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14051454" title="Cascade Investment">
Cascade Investment

Cascade Investment, LLC is an American holding and investment company headquartered in Kirkland, Washington, United States. It is controlled by Bill Gates, and managed by Michael Larson. More than half of Gates' fortune is held in assets outside his holding of Microsoft shares. Cascade is the successor company to Dominion Income Management, the former investment vehicle for Gates' holdings, which was managed by Andrew Evans.
The company describes itself as a diversified investment company. Its investments include:

</doc>
<doc id="14052040" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14052040" title="Narvik Energi">
Narvik Energi

Narvik Energi is a power company that serves Narvik in Norway. It operates seven hydroelectric power stations and Nygårdsfjellet wind farm. The company is owned by the City of Narvik (50.01%), DONG Energy (33.33%) and HelgelandsKraft (16.66%). Total annual average production is 950 GWh.
The company operates the power stations of Nygård, Håkvikelva, Sildvik, Sørfjord I, Sørfjord II, Sirkevann and Taraldsvik. The power grid is through the Narvik Energinett, that is owned 49% by HelgelandsKraft.
The company owns its windfarms through the 50% owned companies Nordkraft Vind (that operates Nygårdsfjellet), Vesterålskraft Vind and Lofotkraft Vind.
On 21 December 1913 the Narvik Kommunale Elektrisitetsverk was established by the municipality. The same year the first power station, Høybakkfoss, was opened and street lighting was established in Narvik, while Silvannfos was built two years later. The company also established an electrical article store and installation division, but these were closed in 1995 and 1990, respectively. In 1922 Mølnfoss was opened, and in 1923 the Norwegian State Railways announced that Ofotbanen was to be electrified, and NKE built Nygårdsvassdraget to cover the need, opening in 1932. In 1949 Håkvikvassdraget was rebuilt with one new power station.
In 1995 the company, that had been a municipal agency, was transformed to a limited company with the municipality as sole owner. From 1998 to 2001 Narvik Energi increased its ownership in Nordkraft from 17% to 100%, but at the same time HelgelandsKraft and Vesterålskraft bought part of Narvik Energi. In 2002 the Danish state enterprise Energi E2 (now DONG) bought a third of the company, through buying out Vesterålskraft, part of HelgelandsKrafts ownership and through an issue. In 2003 the power grid was demerged into a Narvik Energinett and 49% sold to HelgelandsKraft. In 2005 the wind farm at Nygårdsfjellet was opened. In 2006 all the electrical production was concentrated in the wholly owned subsidiary Nordkraft.

</doc>
<doc id="14052985" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14052985" title="CPT Corporation">
CPT Corporation

CPT Corporation was founded in 1971 by Dean Scheff in Minneapolis, Minnesota, with co-founders James Wienhold and Richard Eichhorn. CPT first designed, manufactured, and marketed the CPT 4200, a dual-cassette-tape machine that controlled a modified IBM Selectric typewriter to support text editing and word processing.
The CPT 4200 was followed in 1976 by the CPT VM (Visual Memory), a partial-page display-screen dual-cassette-tape unit, and shortly thereafter by the CPT 8000, a full-page display dual-diskette desktop microcomputer that drove stand-alone daisy wheel printers.
Subsequent products included (1) variants on the 8000 series; (2) the CPT 6000 series, which had a lower capacity, smaller screen, and was less expensive; (3) the CPT 9000 series, which had a larger capacity and could run IBM personal computer software; (4) the CPT Phoenix series, which had a graphical capabilities; (5) CPT PT, a software-only reduced version that ran on IBM personal computers and clones; and (6) other related products.
The CPT logooriginally three letters chosen to sound well togetherbegan to be taken as an acronym for "cassette powered typewriting," and subsequently for "computer processed text," and numerous other variants. Major competition was IBM, Wang, Lanier, Xerox, and other word processing vendors.
CPT Corporation was fifth in size among Minnesota-based top high-tech companies, after 3M, Honeywell, Control Data, and Medtronic. Corporate revenues grew to approximately a quarter-billion dollars per year in the mid-1980s, then declined with the proliferation of personal computers. CPT ultimately ceased major manufacturing late in the 20th century.
The CPT 4200 was a dual-cassette-tape unit with a small built-in keyboard that controlled a modified IBM Selectric typewriter. Keystrokes entered on the typewriter appeared on the paper as they were recorded on the output cassette, which formed a magnetic replica of the printed page. That output cassette could later be used as an input cassette, where it would be read back and modified to accomplish text editing.
The keyboard of the CPT 4200 had action keys for "skip" and "read" and mode keys for "word", "line", "paragraph," and "page." Pressing "read" transferred a word, line, paragraph, or page, depending on which mode key had been selected. from the input tape to both the paper and the output tape. Line boundaries recorded on the input tape were ignored or retained depending on whether or not an "adjust" key had been selected. Alternatively, pressing "skip" moved past the corresponding amount of text on the input tape without sending it to the typewriter or to the output tape. It acted like a delete key, though text was not actually deleted, only bypassed.
The Selectric's keyboard was active for any new typing, which would appear on the paper and transferred to the output tape. Thus a document was edited by reading back those parts of the text to be retained and skipping those parts to be discarded, with new typing added from the Selectric's keyboard. Price: approx. $5000, 1980-era values.
The CPT Communicator was an add-on to the CPT 4200 that allowed data to be transferred from one text-editing machine to another, or between a text-editing machine and a remote computer, via phone lines. Price: not available.
The CPT 8000 was the company's first microcomputer product, exhibited in spring of 1976. It was a self-contained desktop machine with two floppy diskette drives, a movable keyboard, and a full-page vertically oriented display with black characters on a white background, for a view of text on paper. It was promoted as familiar and easy to use for those experienced with typewriters.
The CPT 8000 had dual-window editing, where text was assembled in an upper window from text entered at the keyboard or from one or more files brought successively into the lower window. Words, lines, paragraphs, and pages could be slid from the lower window to the upper, as in the cassette tapes of the CPT 4200, or they could be deleted from the lower window. In addition the two screens could lock and scroll up or down together.
The machine used two processors, an 8080 microprocessor and a custom display processor. 65,536 bytes of main memory were standard and were used jointly by both processors for executable code, program data, and video memory. Price: approx. $15,000, 1980-era values.
Figure 2: "Dual floppy diskette drives are to the right of a full-page cathode ray tube (CRT) display screen. The broad horizontal bar on the screen is an after-image of the lower editing window, which almost always contained text and which after years of editing left an impression on the screen's luminescent phosphors. A daisy-wheel printer was a separate cable-connected device, not shown."
Figure 3: "Closeup photograph of the CPT 8000-series display screen. This screen introduced the fast white phosphor P104 in 1976, which was intended to allow rapid scrolling without blurring. That phosphor subsequently became a standard in the word processing industry and elsewhere."
The CPT Phoenix had a separate adjustable display, a separate curved keyboard promoted as ergonomically comfortable, and circuitry in a separate box. It included a custom bit-block-transfer (BitBlt) graphics processing unit (GPU) together with a dual-CPU multiprocessor. Eight of the keys on the keyboard were "soft keys" whose meaning changed with the operation being performed and whose current definitions were maintained at the bottom of the display screen. Price: approx. same as CPT 8000.
Figure 4: "The plastic for the gray keys was color-matched to dust collected in the office so that the keys would not easily show dirt. The color of the case was then coordinated with the keys. The "soft keys" are in the upper left and right of the keyboard."
The CPT SRS was a "shared resource system" consisting of a 35-million-byte hard
disk drive that would be shared simultaneously by up to eight CPT word processing machines. At that time photographs and videos were not commonly
stored digitally and a disk drive of that size could hold a shared document of up to
10,000 pages or more.
CPT PT was a reduced a version of the software that ran under MS-DOS as an application on IBM PC compatible computers. The corporation intended it as a bridge to allow data to flow in and out of personal computer packages, as well as providing a personal-computer word processing application for those familiar with standalone CPT equipment or who preferred the CPT style of dual-window text editing. Price: approx. $200, 1980-era values.
Figure 5: "The screen fit the 80-character-wide by 25-line-high screen of the IBM-PC. A blue "margin scale" divides the upper and lower editing windows. The black area at the top of the upper window is outside the bounds of the paper. File name, line and column numbers, and other codes are light blue at the far top. The typing area remains above the blue margin scale, while the white page-area slides up and down, adjusting the black area as it moves."

</doc>
<doc id="14053835" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14053835" title="BharatBala Productions">
BharatBala Productions

BharatBala Productions (BBP) is a film productions house in India that has produced feature films, television commercials, documentaries, and music videos. The company is led by filmmakers Bharatbala and Kanika Myer.
After making more than 500 TV commercials for both Indian and International brands in last 15 years, BBP expanded its scope of activities to include feature films and other projects driven by in house developed concepts.
The most well known of these projects are the "Vandemataram" & "Jana Gana Mana" films. The Vandemataram film was the finalist at prestigious festivals like Cannes and New York Film Festival. The company has also made films/campaigns for the Ministry of Tourism (Government of India), India Brand Equity Fund and the Ministry of Tourism, Greece. The “Incredible India” campaign conceptualized and filmed by the company won several international awards including the 1st prize at The International Exhibition of Tourism TOUR SALON 2005 & 2006 in Poland and the film for India Brand Equity Fund was screened at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland (January 2006).
In 2004, BBP produced its first feature film "Hari Om", which was the directorial debut of Bharatbala. The film is slated for release in 2007. The film was the official selection at close to 40 international film festivals including Toronto International Film Festival and won several awards, including the New Voices Award at Bangkok International Film Festival, Audience Award for Best Film at Puchon International Film Festival (South Korea), Best Film Award at Salento Film Festival (Italy), German Star of India at Bollywood And Beyond, Stuttgart (Germany) and Audience Choice Award at Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles.
The company is currently developing its second feature - an Indo-Japanese full-length feature film tentatively titled, "The 19th Step". It will be the first Indian film on martial arts and will showcase the ancient Indian martial art form – Kalarippayattu - that later evolved into such esoteric, though better known martial art forms as Kung fu.
Two more film projects "Taj Mahal", first IMAX format film in India and Gurus of Peace featuring Nobel Peace Prize winners across the globe like Dalai Lama, Shimon Peres, Yaseer Arafat, Mikhail Gorbachev, Nelson Mandela, F W de Klerk and more, are in various stages of production and development.
The company has recently ventured into acquisition of foreign films for distribution in India.

</doc>
<doc id="14055244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14055244" title="Asa Resources Group">
Asa Resources Group

Asa Resources Group is a mining company based in Johannesburg and London. According to its website, it is the first African-owned and African-managed business to be listed in the Resources sector of the London Stock Exchange's Alternative Investment Market. Asa was founded in 1987.
The firm had a poor financial performance in 2013 with losses totalling $42.5 million, more than $35 million more than the previous year. This was due to a $43.7 million impairment charge for its Bindura Nickel Corporation operations in Zimbabwe.
In October 2013, Asa appointed Yim Chiu Kwan as its finance director.
Asa's products include gold, nickel, copper, zinc, cobalt and, more recently, diamonds and petroleum. Major mining operation interests as of 2007:
Asa maintains a corporate office in South Africa; the company is progressively expanding its operations by acquiring extant mining companies.

</doc>
<doc id="14057751" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14057751" title="BESIX">
BESIX

BESIX Group is the largest Belgian group, operating in the construction of buildings, infrastructure, environmental projects and roads. BESIX is also active in the production of raw materials, facility management, real estate development and concessions. It profiles itself as a multi-services group, from client idea to realization and operation.
NV BESIX SA, its biggest subsidiary, is active in practically every field of construction. In addition to the activities of BESIX and its other subsidiaries (Cobelba, Jacques Delens, Socogetra, Vanhout, Wust, Franki Foundations Belgium, BESIX Park, Lux TP, West Construct) in Benelux and France, the Group is active in Europe, North and Central Africa and the Middle East (via Six Construct) and in Central Asia and Australia.
In 2015, the Group achieved revenues of EUR 2.2 billion. BESIX Group has about 18,000 employees, active in 22 countries on 5 different continents.
Besix together with other companies completed the construction of the Burj Khalifa. Among other projects, Besix is involved in the construction of Yas Island, an iconic development project in Abu Dhabi.

</doc>
<doc id="14060596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14060596" title="Podesta Group">
Podesta Group

The Podesta Group is a lobbying and public affairs firm based in Washington, D.C.. It was founded in 1988 by brothers John Podesta and Tony Podesta and has previously been known as Podesta Associates, podesta.com and PodestaMattoon. The firm most recently reorganized in January 2007 after current Chairman Tony Podesta split with former business partner Dan Mattoon.
Podesta Group represents U.S. corporations, as well as non-profits, associations and governments. It "has close ties to the Democratic Party and the Obama administration" although its CEO, Kimberley Fritts, is identified by the group as "a fixture in Republican politics," having worked for former Florida Governor Jeb Bush.
The firm reported earning $27.4 million in lobbying fees in 2011. In 2007, Chairman Tony Podesta was ranked by his peers as the third most influential lobbyist in Washington.
The Podesta Group has been retained by Wal-Mart, BP and Lockheed Martin." Other clients include Abdisalam Omer, the American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity, Amgen, Bank Of America, Cherokee Nation (Casinos), Cintas, Covidien, Duke Energy, Egypt, Genentech, General Dynamics, Harrah's Entertainment, Heineken, Merck, Michelin, National Association of Broadcasters (NAB), National Public Radio (NPR), Nestle, Novartis, Orange County, Florida, Raytheon, Reed Elsevier, Republic of Albania, Republic of Georgia, Sallie Mae, Sunoco, Synthetic Genomics, TJX Companies, Tyco Electronics, Republic of Kenya and United Technologies.
In addition, the Podesta Group acts as a lobbyist for Egypt on U.S. policies of concern, activities in Congress and the Executive branch, and developments on the U.S. political scene generally,' according to forms filed with the Justice Department in 2009."
They also received revenue of $900,000 over the last two years from the "European Centre for a Modern Ukraine, a Brussels-based organization sympathetic to Viktor Yanukovych and his political party".
They also represent the interests of Russia's largest financial institution Sberbank of Russia, which controls approximately 30 percent of Russian banking assets.
The Podesta Group also carries out public relations work for the government of Azerbaijan for a monthly fee of USD 60,000 plus expenses.

</doc>
<doc id="14064825" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14064825" title="Foreign &amp; Colonial Investment Trust">
Foreign &amp; Colonial Investment Trust

Foreign & Colonial Investment Trust is a publicly traded investment trust. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The Company was founded by Philip Rose, who also founded the Royal Brompton Hospital, in 1868 as "The Foreign & Colonial Government Trust": it was the first collective investment scheme in the world and specialised in investing in Government bonds. In 1891 it changed its name to "The Foreign & Colonial Investment Trust": it first started investing in equities in 1925. In 1981, F&C launched Graphite Capital, a leading UK private equity firm.
The Company has assets under management of approximately £2.7 billion and holds stakes in over 600 different companies in 35 countries worldwide. The Company is managed by Paul Niven of F&C Management Limited, a subsidiary of F&C Asset Management plc.

</doc>
<doc id="14065523" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14065523" title="William Rast">
William Rast

William Rast is an American clothing line founded by Justin Timberlake and Trace Ayala. It is most known for their premium jeans. On October 17, 2006, Justin Timberlake and Trace Ayala put on their first fashion show to launch their new William Rast clothing line. The label also produces other clothing items such as jackets and tops. The company started first as a denim line, later evolving into a men’s and women’s clothing line.
The name "William Rast" is a combination of Timberlake's grandfather's first name and Ayala's grandfather's last name.
William Rast denim has a signature embroidery on the back pockets that resembles a "V" with a slash across it.
William Rast Jeans can be seen on almost every episode of CW's "Privileged" worn by Joanna Garcia, who was engaged to co-founder Trace Ayala until early 2009.
Johan & Marcella Lindeberg are the creative directors for William Rast.
In early 2011, the company formed a limited-time partnership with Target.
William Rast sponsored the #98 car of Dan Wheldon which won the 2011 Indianapolis 500.
In 2008, throughout the month of September, Timberlake starred as the fictional William Rast alongside supermodel Erin Wasson in a series of webshorts. They ranged in time from about 15 seconds to a minute and 45 seconds.
Trailer 1: William Rast and his girlfriend are shown getting their mugshots.
Trailer 2: Rast's girlfriend takes a video of Rast, seemingly drunk and smoking, telling "girls and boys" to always listen to their elders. Rast then takes the camera from his girlfriend, asking how much she loves him. They end up kissing passionately.
Trailer 3: Rast and his girlfriend are shown simply sitting on their porch.

</doc>
<doc id="14068572" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14068572" title="File:Hydro Sweden logo.png">
File:Hydro Sweden logo.png


</doc>
<doc id="14068643" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14068643" title="Backstreet Records">
Backstreet Records

Backstreet Records was an MCA Records subsidiary label founded in 1979 by Danny Bramson, who at the time was executive director of MCA's Universal Amphitheatre. The name was derived from the Bruce Springsteen song "Backstreets". The label's first release was the self-titled debut album by Tears in August 1979. The first major signing to the label was Tom Petty, ending a legal battle between Petty and MCA over his recording contract which was acquired when MCA purchased ABC Records. The label's roster of artists also included J.J. Cale, Keith Sykes, Nils Lofgren, Men Without Hats, and Walter Egan. The label's last release was in 1983, after which it was absorbed into MCA Records.
Backstreet also released rock-oriented soundtrack albums to several films produced by its parent company Universal Studios, including "Where the Buffalo Roam", "Nighthawks", "The Border", "Cat People" and "Doctor Detroit".

</doc>
<doc id="14068864" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14068864" title="Varanger Kraft">
Varanger Kraft

Varanger Kraft is a municipal owned power company that operates four hydroelectric power stations producing 420 GWh per year through the subsidiary Pasvik Kraft, operates the power grid in the seven owner municipalities in Eastern Finnmark with 3,200 km lines and 16,000 customers, as well as retails power through Barents Energi. Head offices are located in Vadsø.
The company is owned by the municipalities of Sør-Varanger (31.25%), Vadsø (21.88%), Deatnu - Tana (12.50%), Vardø (12.5%), Båtsfjord (9.38%), Berlevåg (6.25%) and Nesseby (6.25%). It operates the power grid in the same municipalities. The four power stations are , Melkefoss, Skogfoss and .
The company dates back to 1938. It was made a limited company in 1994, and in 2000 it bought the defunct mining company Sydvaranger, that it later sold to Tschudi Group. In 2003 the company was transformed to a corporate model.

</doc>
<doc id="14069703" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14069703" title="SThree">
SThree

SThree plc is an international specialist staffing organisation, founded in the United Kingdom and headquartered in London. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE SmallCap Index.
The Company was founded by Bill Bottriell and Simon Arber in 1986 as a specialist recruitment business under the name Computer Futures. In 1999 Barclays provided development finance for the business. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2005.
The Company provides permanent and contract specialist staffing services in the UK and Europe, Americas and AsiaPac and MENA regions, specializing in the Information Technology, Banking & Finance, Life Sciences, Engineering, and Energy sectors. It operates under a number of different brand names, with the five largest being Computer Futures, Real Staffing, Progressive Recruitment, Progressive Global Energy & Natural Resources, and Huxley.
It has a total of 41 offices in 15 countries.

</doc>
<doc id="14071279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14071279" title="Israel Military Industries">
Israel Military Industries

Israel Military Industries Ltd. (IMI), also referred to as Ta'as (), is an Israeli weapons manufacturer. It manufactures firearms, ammunition and military technology mainly for Israeli security forces (especially Israel's army, the Israel Defense Forces or IDF), although its small arms are very popular throughout the world.
Israel Weapon Industries's small arms are some of the most popular in the world. The Uzi submachine gun is arguably the most popular submachine gun in the world, because of its compact nature and reliability. Overall, the Uzi has the highest sales statistics of all modern submachine guns, worldwide.
The IMI Galil is a compact assault rifle, along with integrating some other design features. The Negev is IMI's main light machine gun. The Jericho 941 is a semi-automatic pistol, while the Tavor is a bullpup assault rifle.
In the 1980s an American firearms designer, Magnum Research, contracted IMI to re-design and manufacture a Magnum caliber (.44 Magnum, .357 Magnum and .50 AE), semi-automatic pistol. The result was the Desert Eagle, a very powerful handgun made famous by Hollywood and first-person shooters.
Other products are created, mainly for use by the IDF. The Uzi, however, is popular with many forces worldwide, while the Galil and Tavor are popular with counter-terrorist forces.
IMI has dedicated factories manufacturing ammunition for firearms, artillery (both explosive rounds and rockets), tanks and air-to-ground (both stand-off and direct attack). Many of its products are standard NATO-compatible, but IMI also produces eastern bloc-caliber munitions. However, for the past the weapons have not been STANAG compliant.
Besides small arms, the IMI also produces heavy weapons. IMI engages in many upgrade projects for military vehicles (tanks, APCs and other armoured fighting vehicles). Upgrade components include firepower, survivability and maneuverability.
IMI also produces a wide range of defensive products such as vehicle add-on armor packages, landmine clearing systems, and reconnaissance systems and bridges. It also produces aircraft countermeasures, such as flares, decoys and electronic countermeasures control systems, some of which IMI now offers also for land- and sea-based platforms.
IMI also provides military training to the Israeli citizens. IMI contracts its services to outside countries that need security and military training. The clients come to IMI in Israel for months of security and V.I.P. training.
IMI also produces cluster weapons which have allegedly been proven to cause civilian casualties - in Lebanon in 2006, and in the 2008 South Ossetia war. Users claim that defective munitions were responsible.
Israel Military Industries also has a partnership with the Metropolitan College of New York (MCNY) in New York City. Metropolitan College of New York offers a classroom based Master's In Public Administration in Emergency Management and Homeland Security. In addition, all students go to Israel for an intensive study abroad seminar covering Homeland Security and Anti-Terrorism topics with Israel's top security and military experts.

</doc>
<doc id="14074867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14074867" title="Moto Gold Mines">
Moto Gold Mines

Gold deposits at Moto were initially discovered in 1903 and mining began in 1905. A colonial state corporation called Kilo-Moto exploited the deposits from 1905 to 1919. The colonial state recruited laborers from rural Africa to work in the mines. In 1919, Kilo-Moto became organized as an autonomous colonial state corporation with a Board of Directors in Brussels appointed by the Minister of the colonies. This company operated as a private corporation starting in 1926 and survived the handover to independent Congolese rule in 1961, but was taken over by the Zairian state in 1967. The archives of the company up to 1967 are still stored in Brussels.
Moto Goldmines Limited was a gold exploration and mining company with operations in the Kilo-Moto greenstone belt in Ituri Province in the northeast of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The company's stock was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange’s Alternative Investment Market.
Moto Goldmines was acquired by Randgold Resources in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="14078540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14078540" title="Naty">
Naty

Naty develop and manufacture ecological ("eco") hygiene products like disposable Diapers, Bibs, Bags and Wipes.
Company expertise is focused on the development of eco friendly material for usage in hygiene products. Many of today's leading brands use material where less than 20% is compostable, while all Naty products are 100% renewable and more than 60% of the material is compostable. With the use of renewable raw materials of agricultural origin and the biodegradation and compost ability of the products, the impact on nature and the contribution to the green house effect is considerably less compared to when using conventional material. This is also a major part of Naty's mission.
For Diapers, 60% of the content is biodegradable and of biological origin. The back sheet of the Naty diaper is a lamination of renewable/biodegradable corn Bio film and of natural tree-pulp TCF-pulp (totally chlorine free) tissue. The tissue in the lamination is made of natural tree-pulp TCF-pulp (totally chlorine free) with FSC certification. The printing colour on the diapers is, certified by OK Compost. Certificate attesting to the fact that the printing ink is free of heavy metals injurious to health. Naty has developed the compostable /biodegradable corn Bio film as well, which is used in the lamination. The film is based on cornstarch and biodegradable polyester and is 100% GM free.
Nearly 20 years ago, Marlene Sandberg found herself thinking about diapers, and doing so on a regular basis. She was the mother of two boys and had a burgeoning sense of environmental awareness. It was during this period that Marlene came across a Swedish newspaper article reporting on the damaging effect that disposable diapers had on the environment. On average, every Swedish baby was responsible for a half-ton of dirty diapers every year. So the diapers kept piling up, due in part to the material in traditional disposable diapers being predominately oil-derived plastic.
After five years of hard work and research and development, Marlene formed Naty and launched a biodegradable and environmentally friendly disposable diaper onto the market. This was followed by the launch of a line of baby care products ranging from skincare and wipes, pull-on-pants to baby care diapers.
In 2012 Naty introduced a new product line. ECO Baby Clothes. They are available via the Naty Webshop.
The fabric used is thicker than most other on the market. The fabric weights 260 gram per square meter compared to the commonly used 160 grams. Naty's choice of fabric gives a beautiful and more durable garment. For easier care and to avoid shrinking all garments are pre-washed. The clothes also only have 100% organic eco cotton and have won several awards.

</doc>
<doc id="14079964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14079964" title="Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona">
Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona

Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB) is the main public transit operator in Barcelona, made up of two formerly separate companies, "Ferrocarril Metropolità de Barcelona, SA." and "Transports de Barcelona, SA.". It runs most of the metro and local bus lines in Barcelona and the metropolitan area.
The bus network serves Barcelona and the metropolitan area through 109 lines that cover a total distance of 920.62 kilometres. The Barcelona Metro service has 123 stations. It is formed by six lines and a funicular railway. In 2008, TMB carried 572.39 million passengers. It has 7,707 employees.
There is also an authority in Barcelona that seeks to coordinate and integrate other public transport companies (such as TRAMMET, for the local trams) into the same network, Autoritat del Transport Metropolità.
TMB changed its logo in 2014 after introducing a stencil-style variant of Helvetica for their publicity.

</doc>
<doc id="14083289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14083289" title="VantagePoint Capital Partners">
VantagePoint Capital Partners

VantagePoint Capital Partners is a venture capital firm with investments in the cleantech, information technology and healthcare sectors.
Founded in 1996, by Alan E. Salzman and Jim Marver, the firm has raised over $4 billion with more than $1 billion dedicated specifically to cleantech. VantagePoint is based in San Bruno, California with offices in Beijing and Hong Kong. In 2011-2012, it has changed its name from "VantagePoint Venture Partners" into "VantagePoint Capital Partners", citing a desire to reflect increased focus on “growth equity”, which “goes beyond where venture goes”.
VantagePoint has established strategic partnerships with a number of global corporations, including Air Products, Best Buy, BP, DuPont, IBM, Jabil Circuit, Procter & Gamble and Scottish and Southern Energy.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="14083292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14083292" title="Israel Corporation">
Israel Corporation

Israel Corporation () is Israel’s largest holding company. It was founded in 1968 by the Government of the State of Israel.
50% of its manufacturing activities and 70% of its consolidated revenues derive from global operations. Its core holdings are fertilizers and specialty chemicals, energy, shipping and transportation. Israel Corp is a constituent of the TA-25 Index of leading shares of the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange. Two of its major holdings, Israel Chemicals and Oil Refineries Ltd are also constituents of the TA-25 Index.
The Israel Corp was founded by the government of Israel together with Shaul Eisenberg in 1968, who was one of the first strategic foreign investors in Israeli history, under the initiative of then Minister of Finance, Pinchas Sapir of the Israeli Labor Party, who changed the Encouragement of Capital Investments Law to attract foreign investment. The change ensured that the company’s owners were exempt from taxes for 30 years and received other benefits.
In 1975, the director general of Israel Corp, Michael Tzur, was sentenced to 15 years in prison after he was convicted on 18 counts of embezzlement, theft, fraud and bribery. He was released from prison in 1981.
Shares of the company were offered to the public in 1969, 1970, 1974 and 1982, and the company was listed on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange in 1982. 
After Eisenberg's death in 1998, the family sold control of the company to the Ofer family.
In 2007, 55% of the equity of the company was held by the Ofer Brothers Group, 18% by Bank Leumi and the remainder by the public.
The Israeli government holds the so-called 'golden share' in Israel Corps., meaning that any sale of a holding in Israel Chemicals needs a thorough examination to determine if it’s in the interest of the state.
Israel Corp's major holdings are Israel Chemicals, Oil Refineries Ltd, Tower Semiconductor, Kenon Holdings and Zim Integrated Shipping Services.
The Israel Corporation was criticized in a documentary film examining the influence of big business on Israeli politics. The movie "The Shakshuka System" chronicles the history of the company, and how it had allegedly benefited from a "revolving-door" practice between the public and the private sector, from its extensive network of connections in Israel's political system and economic circles, and from a high degree of influence on local media to squelch potential criticism. Among the major allegations presented by the film was the Bazan sale incident, in which the company's stake in the country's largest oil refinery was bought out by Israel's treasury, for what many considered to be an overvalued sum, especially since Israel Corp. was bound by an agreement to return its holding of Bazan to the state without compensation. The company had allegedly blocked the film from being broadcast on any of Israel's commercial TV channels, and it was finally broadcast on Channel One.

</doc>
<doc id="14084970" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14084970" title="Bodø Energi">
Bodø Energi

Bodø Energi is a municipal owned power company that serves Bodø, Norway. It operates the power grid with 24,000 customers in Bodø, as well as Heggmoen power station.
The company was founded in 1909 as Bodø Elektricitetsværk, though later changed its name to Bodø Elverk, with the establishment of Breiva power station at 350 MW. In 1924 Bodin power station was opened. In 1956 the municipalities of Bodø and Bodin get 50 of the 61 shares of Salten Kraftsamband, that is established to coordinate power production in Salten. 1968 saw the merger between the two municipalities of Bodø and Bodin, and at the same time Bodø Elverk merges with Bodin Kraftverk. At the same time Kjerringøy Kraftlag is bought.
In 1992 what had to then been a municipal agency was transformed to a limited company and given the present name, and two years later the district heating was established. In 2007 it established the four operating subsidiaries BE Kraftsalg AS, BE Energimontasje AS, BE Nett AS and BE Produksjon AS.

</doc>
<doc id="14086384" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14086384" title="Voyages Television">
Voyages Television

Voyages Television is a global platform for the marketing of luxury travel destinations and the distribution of luxury travel products across television, the Internet, Internet television (IPTV) and Video on Demand. The Company’s focus is on the six major markets (China, India, Japan, USA, UK and Germany) which account for a large percentage of the luxury travel market.
Headquartered in Hong Kong with production operations in Hanover, Shanghai, Mumbai, Taipei and New York, Voyages is currently available to over 40 million cable and satellite television homes on a 24-hour-a-day basis, as well as via the Internet. The Company plans to launch a Video On Demand product in 2007 and broadband television product (IPTV) in early 2008.
Television Voyages Ltd. was established in late 2001 by a group of Hong Kong-based investors. The initial production operations were centered in Taipei, in line with the Company’s strategy of targeting the Chinese speaking markets of Hong Kong, China and Taiwan. The original service was launched in TaiChung on the 4th of April 2002 to 520,000 cable television homes.
Voyages' point of difference is that each of its programs contains a holiday offer that can be booked by the viewer on Voyages web site or via a call center. Thus, the business earns revenues from the sale of travel holiday packages to its audience, in addition to advertising and sponsorship revenue. Voyages’ believes that it is the first channel on television to enjoy both advertising and “retail” sales revenue.
In early 2003, based on the success of the initial Channel, Voyages increased distribution in Taiwan to include Taipei city and Taipei county, as well as to expand the Channel to other countries. The Company’s plans for expansion were interrupted by the outbreak of SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome) in Asia in 2003. After the resolution of the SARS epidemic and the travel industry returning to a normal state, Voyages established operations in Hong Kong (2004), India (2005) and Germany (2006). In 2007, the Company plans to launch the Voyages Channel in North America, followed by the United Kingdom in 2008.
In line with the development of the Voyages Channel, the Company has launched local language travel web sites, and is preparing for the pending launch of a broadband-based product where the Channel’s over 2000 hours of high quality destination and lifestyle programming will be available.
Voyages offers a balance of travel and lifestyle programs. Program strategy is to provide viewers with quality programs that include a travel purchase option and that provide a vehicle for advertising sales. The objective is to cater to the audience’s interest in specific luxury destinations, as well as lifestyle interests. Common lifestyle interests associated with travel include wellness, adventure, gourmet & wine, shopping, romance, and competition (diving, golf, skiing, etc.). This mix of both destination based and lifestyle programs maintains the breadth required to maintain viewer interest. All Voyages programs, regardless of the format, include at least one holiday package that relates to the destination or the lifestyle interest that is the subject of the program, in line with Voyages’ philosophy.
The program schedule is organized around a series of “cycle themes” that change on a monthly basis and that serve as a focal point for the consumer and for the Channel’s marketing and communications programs. These themes can be based on a destination (Caribbean: Islands in the Sun) or a lifestyle theme (Spa Retreats). The objective is to create a channel that is varied, visually stunning; yet relevant to the interest of the audience and to advertisers.
Thaicom 78.5 E,3960 MHz,vertical polarity,symbol rate 30000,FEC 5/6

</doc>
<doc id="14086686" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14086686" title="ESI International">
ESI International

ESI International, Inc. (ESI) is a provider of skills training and consulting in project management, program management, business analysis, business skills and contract management.
ESI International is part of Providence Corporate Development Holding Company's business portfolio. The company refers to itself and is commonly known as "ESI." With headquarters in Arlington, Virginia, United States, it has a global presence in the field of project management and business analysis training for large multi-national corporations.
Educational Services Institute (now ESI International) was founded by Edwin Phelps in 1981 (ili ne). ESI International partnered with The George Washington University to provide project management and contract management training. Through its academic partnership, ESI International offers courses that lead to certification , is a Global Charter Member of Project Management Institute (PMI) and an endorsed education provider (EEP) of the International Institute of Business Analysis (IIBA).
Offers training and professional services in the following areas:
ESI International and IPS Learning merged in October 2015 to form Strategy Execution, a TwentyEighty Inc. company. 

</doc>
<doc id="14086866" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14086866" title="Dark Energy Digital">
Dark Energy Digital

Dark Energy Digital, was a privately owned video game developer and publisher based in the United Kingdom. It was formed from members of Blade Interactive, which continues to operate as a separate company. On September 28, 2007, following the public announcement of Hydrophobia, it was announced that a deal had been made between Blade Interactive and Total Asset Limited and was to become a publisher in its own right and publish its own titles. On March 19, 2012, it was announced the company was closed due to low sales of "Hydrophobia".
Blade Interactive was founded in 1998 and are largely known as a developer of pool and snooker games. Three years developing HydroEngine, their dynamic fluid game engine used in "Hydrophobia". As part of a major expansion, Blade Interactive has a new mobile game development division based at Blade Interactive's new office complex in Manchester, known as 'BIG' (Blade Interactive Games).
One of the founding Directors of Blade Interactive, Peter Jones, was formally Managing Director of Mirage Technologies Multimedia Ltd, the studio behind "Rise of the Robots" and "" and the PlayStation/PC title Bedlam.
The company created a new video game engine / game creation system to create a new generation of download games called Infinite Worlds. It also created the world's first fluid dynamics engine, known as HydroEngine, which allows dynamic modeling of flowing water and other liquids. Fluids are completely dynamic, which means the effect is not repeated and thus allowing different effects each time. The engine also interfaces with solid body physics engines such as Havok, which allows objects and debris to be carried with the flow.
Developed by Blade Interactive:
Developed by Dark Energy Digital:
On March 19, 2012, the company suffered due to not having enough money, went broke and was ultimately put into administrative control. It is in the process of selling IP and assets, most notably the "Hydrophobia" series and the Hydroengine.3

</doc>
<doc id="14087289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14087289" title="Briggs &amp; Riley">
Briggs &amp; Riley

Briggs & Riley Travelware is a manufacturer of luggage. The company is based in Hauppauge, New York and was founded in 1993 by Richard Costa. The company is known for its "Simple as that" lifetime guarantee that even covers damage caused by an airline. Briggs & Riley luggage can be purchased from independent retailers across the United States and Canada, as well as through its "online boutique".
The company was acquired in August 2000 by U.S. Luggage LLC. U.S. Luggage is also the parent company of SOLO, a company that makes business cases.
Briggs & Riley manufactures a wide selection of travel bags. It was the first company to establish the NXpandable System that provides more space in the bag when expanded. It was also the first company to develop the Outsider handle, designed on the exterior of the case to ensure a flat packing area for wrinkle-free clothes.

</doc>
<doc id="14087342" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14087342" title="Hexis S.A.">
Hexis S.A.

Hexis S.A. is a manufacturer of self-adhesive vinyl (PVC) films used for commercial signage and as digital printing media for large format inkjet printers. The company headquarters are in Frontignan, France. The company was founded in 1989 by its current (2010) president, Michel Mateu.
The company specializes in pressure-sensitive adhesive (PSA) coating of thin plastic films and pioneered their own process to produce cast vinyl films. In 2008 Hexis patented an anti-microbial film adhésif intended for the anti-microbial protection of surfaces
For its quality management system the company is ISO 9001-2000 certified.
In 2007 Hexis S.A. received the "Prix de l’Ambition" jointly awarded by Banque Palatine, a French bank, the "La Tribune" financial newspaper and the HEC School of Management, recognizing the company's growth performance.
The same year Michel Mateu, President of Hexis S.A., received the 2007 Innovation Award for the Mediterranean region jointly awarded by Ernst & Young and the French business magazine "L’Entreprise".
In the United Kingdom Hexis S.A. is represented by its exclusive distributor Hexis UK Ltd. Based in Lichfield, Staffordshire, the UK company was founded in 1994 by its current (2015) managing director Scott Wilkins and its then managing director Philip Wilkins.
Hexis with the associated logo is a registered trademark which is licensed by Mark Holding Europe BV. 
Hexis S.A. has affiliated companies using the Hexis trademark under licence the Netherlands, Switzerland and the United Kingdom.

</doc>
<doc id="14088143" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14088143" title="Cammenga">
Cammenga

Cammenga is an outdoors products company, known chiefly for producing navigation equipment under contract for U.S. military forces. They are the official supplier of the M-1950 lensatic field compass issued to U.S. Army and Marine Corps infantry and artillery units.
Cammenga was founded in 1992 by a group of investors to produce the M-1950 3H lensatic compass to the U.S. Military. Since 1992, Cammenga has held the U.S. military contract for the M-1950. The firm develops, manufactures, and distributes a wide variety of products to military, law enforcement, and commercial markets around the world, including land navigation instruments, firearm sighting and loading systems, firearm magazines, tritium knives, and other tritium light source integration services. The company provides development assistance in tritium (self-luminous) lighting products, NRC approval processing, tritium capsule assembly and installation procedures, and product testing. The company is ISO 9001:2000 certified.
Cammenga's primary production plant includes a clean room environment for the assembly and testing of tritium products and critical devices. The company provides Cammenga assists with tritium product design, NRC approval processing, tritium installation, and product testing.
The M-1950 U.S. military lensatic field compass with self-luminous lighting (designated the Model 3H by Cammenga) is fitted with self-luminous tritium vial lighting. Under U.S. milspec performance criteria, ten pre-production samples of the M-1950 are required to meet a battery of performance, durability, and accuracy standards. This includes an overall inherent accuracy standard of + or - 40 mils (2.25 degrees) from actual magnetic azimuth; a tritium illumination test; and a shock or impact test, in which samples of the M-1950 are tested dropping the compass from a height of 90 cm (35 in.) on a solid surface covered with 10 cm (4 in.) of plastic-covered sand, followed by testing to ensure performance within specified accuracy standards. A water leakage test is also performed.

</doc>
<doc id="14088752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14088752" title="John Brogden and Sons">
John Brogden and Sons

John Brogden and Sons was a firm of Railway Contractors, Iron and Coal Miners and Iron Smelters operating, initially as a general contractor, from roughly 1828 until its bankruptcy in 1880.
The business started in the 1820s when John Brogden (1798–1869) moved from his father's farm near Clitheroe to set up in business in the rapidly expanding Manchester (not yet a city). In 1828 he appears in the Manchester Directory in Every Street, Ancoats as a farmer, in 1829 at the same address as a horse-dealer.
In 1832 he successfully tendered for a contract with the local council (the Bororeeve) to undertake the cleansing and watering of Manchester. Around this time he obtained a similar contract in London. In 1843, as a partner of Joseph Whitworth (later Sir Joseph), he contracted to sweep the streets of Manchester with Whitworth's patent machines. They undertook a similar contract in Westminster.
In 1844 Brogden moved to London because the focus of his interests had moved to there.
Many Brogden contracts were financed and supported by Samuel Brooks of Cunliffe, Brooks & Co. They became acquainted during early life in North Lancashire and this relationship was renewed in Manchester. Brooks was vice-chairman of the Manchester and Leeds Railway so he was also well placed to help Brogden gain early railway contracts.
In July 1838 Brogden obtained a contract on the Manchester and Birmingham and in August 1840 two more contracts jointly with Easthed.
In 1842 Brogden secured contracts with the Manchester and Leeds Railway to build a viaduct between the existing station at Oldham Road and Hunts Bank. Then in March 1843 he gained the contract for the new station at Hunts Bank. This was opened on New Years Day 1844 under the name Manchester Victoria station. The Liverpool and Manchester Railway started using this station in the following May.
In October 1845 he obtained a contract to build the Ashton Branch of the M&B (Heaton Norris to Guide Bridge). He obtained contracts with the East Lancashire Railway to build from Stubbins to Accrington in 1845 and Blackburn to Hapton in 1846 (jointly with Smith and Pearce).
In 1846 Brogden became a director of the South Eastern Railway Company and John Brogden junior obtained contracts from that company for the North Kent Railway in November 1846 and February 1847.
The Manchester, South Junction and Altrincham Railway received its Act of Parliament in 1849. It had two sections: from London Road Station to Knott Mill and the second from there to Altrincham. Brogdens had the contract for the second section. Samuel Brooks persuaded the company to build what we now know as Brooklands station, providing a guarantee of receipts for the first three years. He owned the land there and expected the station to help with its development. Marsland Road (the A6144) crosses the railway at this point before reaching Washway Road (A56). Just at the junction of these two roads are Brogden Grove and Brogden Terrace, with Victorian terrace houses on them. It is likely that Brooks sold or leased this land to Brogden at a favourable rate and Brogden built these houses on it. In turn the houses helped to justify the station and launch Brooklands as a place to live. Nearby Brogden built Raglan House, Raglan Road to be their new home. In short, an alliance between Brooks and Brogden.
Brogden was joined in his business by his four eldest sons: John, Alexander, Henry and James as they reached the age of majority. His youngest son, George was never involved as he was too young.
In the late 1840s the Brogdens became interested in iron ore mining in the Furness area of North Lancashire (now Cumbria). In 1846 John senior became a shareholder of the Furness Railway. They took ore-mining territory at Stainton in the estate of the Earl of Burlington and were developing mines there by December 1850. In 1850 the second largest haematite ore deposit in British history was discovered by Schneider and Co. at Park, on the Duddon shore in Furness. By 1855, in addition to Stainton, Brogdens had mines at Adgarley and Bolton Heads. Mining capacity was growing fast. This ore was sent to market via the Furness Railway and then by ship.
George Stephenson had planned a West Coast main Line to cross the mouth of Morecambe Bay and this would have linked Furness with the developing national rail network. However this plan was shelved in 1843. The Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Act was passed on 6 June 1844, establishing this as the route for the main line. Instead of Furness becoming part of the national rail strategy, it was now a backwater. It could only be connected to the main network by local efforts and these would involve crossing Morecambe Bay, with its notorious tidal quicksands. The Furness Railway directors collectively, led by Burlington, were not keen to take responsibility for this risky project although the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway was considering it.
In 1847, a group led by Brogden and his three eldest sons began to promote a rail link between Ulverston and Carnforth, on the Lancaster–Carlisle line and they eventually obtained the Ulverston and Lancaster Railway Act (Royal Assent on 24 July 1851). The directors were: John (sen.) John (jun.) Alexander, Henry, James Garstang (Alexander's father-in-law) and Joseph (later Sir Joseph) Paxton. The line was planned by McClean and Stileman at in length of which comprised embankments and viaducts across tidal water. Much of this was sand running to a depth of 30 to .
Work on the line was not in full progress until September 1853. McClean and Stileman had resigned as engineers the previous February and were replaced by James Brunlees. The viaducts over the Kent and Leven were designed and built by W & J Galloway & Sons of Manchester. Brunlees had already completed a similar project and went on to achieve great eminence. He worked again with Brogdens on: the Solway Junction Railway, the Mont Cenis Pass Railway and New Zealand railways. He worked again with the Galloways on Southport Pier.
In 1851 Brogdens had been poised to take over the Furness Railway itself and a draft agreement was made between Burlington and John Brogden senior but the F.R. directors refused to ratify it. Thus Burlington's fellow directors saved him and his family from losing a great prize and prevented the Brogdens from gaining it. However, as the expensive work proceeded Brogdens ran short of money and had to ask the Furness Railway for financial assistance. As the FR legally could not do this, two of their directors made a loan of £50,000 in their personal capacities.
The line was opened on 26 August 1857. Gross expenditure was over £410,000. Brogdens were struggling financially and in 1858 approached the Furness for another loan but declined to accept the stringent conditions demanded. Finally in 1862 Brogdens sold the U&L to the existing Furness Railway having made little or no direct profit. This railway link however was critical to the later industrial development of Barrow-in-Furness and its locality and mining interests. It also caused silt to build up in former tidal areas, creating new agricultural land. Brogdens' decision to sell this valuable railway, with good growth prospects, suggests that they were short of cash.
Alexander Brogden was chairman of the Solway Junction Railway so they clearly had a substantial stake in that railway but their precise involvement is not clear. For this railway the Act of Parliament was passed in 1864 and the railway was opened in 1869 (goods only) and 1870 (goods and passengers). James Brunlees, previously noted, was the engineer. It was a failure in the long run because the cast iron viaduct could not withstand the ice-floes which were a regular feature of the winters here.
Another area of expansion was in Mid-Glamorgan in south Wales. The bulk of iron ore mined in Furness had been sent there and the Brogdens became aware that Sir Robert Price, the owner of the Glamorgan Iron and Coal Works at Tondu, was in difficulties. In December 1853 they purchased for £10,000 the leases of the land and mines that he held. In the following January they purchased the works itself for £35,000. In July they acquired the leases of other farms and mines previously held by Sir Robert.
These purchases took place only a short time before the Bessemer process (announced 1856) began to undercut the old iron-making processes. That was bad luck but possibly they should have observed the Bessemer process more carefully before expanding the factory especially as Galloways, who supplied the bridges for the Ulverston and Lancaster Railway, were key players in the development of the Bessemer process.
These purchases were put under the control of James Brogden who was then at 22 the junior partner. He made good progress. In 1859 he married Helen Dunbar Milne. This marriage was unhappy and was dissolved in 1865.
When the horse-drawn Dyffryn Llynvi and Porthcawl Railway was replaced by the steam-hauled broad gauge Llynvi Valley Railway in 1861, the prospects of the Tondu and Maesteg areas improved and in 1863 Brogdens obtained a new lease of the Tywith
lands in the Llynfi valley, from which they raised coal and iron in large quantities.
Tywith is very close to Coegnant and later there was a court case in which Brogdens were alleged to have extended their mine into Coegnant's territory (see below).
In 1864 they leased the Garth land, sank the Garth pit and erected coke-ovens, which they worked until the depression in 1877 forced their closure. Richards (1982) says (re Garth Colliery, 1864), "J. Brogden & Sons bought Garth Fach and Cwmdu Canol Farms and sank this pit in 1865. The sinking operations were supervised by James Barrow, who was later President of the South Wales Institute of Engineers. He was also mineral agent to the Margam Estate. In 1867 there was an explosion but no-one was hurt. It resulted in the closure of the colliery for a year. About 1880 the pit was idle for another year but in 1882 it was sunk to a depth of 250 yards, 3 seams being worked. In addition there were 60 coke ovens producing 1,000 tons of coke weekly. It was after the sinking of Oakwood and Garth Pits that the village of Garth developed. Garth Pit closed in 1930 when it employed 616 men.".
The Brogdens also worked the Ogmore valley, first at the top of the valley but in 1865 they sank the Wyndham pit and opened the Tynewydd level. They worked both of these until 1872 when a new joint stock company was formed. In July 1863 they obtained an Act for the Ogmore Valley Railway of which Alexander became the chairman. This was a Standard gauge railway from Nantymoel at the head of the valley to a junction with the Llynvi Valley Railway (Broad gauge) at Tondu. They also gained power to lay a third rail along the Llynvi Valley line from Tondu to Porthcawl.
The Bwllfa Dare No. 1 Pit was opened in 1856 by E Lewis and worked by the Byllfa Colliery Co. Ltd., then Brogdens and then the Bwllfa and Merthyr Dare Steam Coal Collieries Ltd. There seem to have been two Bwllfa and Merthyr Dare companies. The first was founded in November 1876 to purchase the lease from Brogdens. George, the only Brogden son not to be a partner in John Brogden and Sons, was connected with this first Bwllfa-Merthyr company. It seems to have been reorganised in 1881. On 17 April 1890 a meeting was held at the pit head, attended by about 700 colliers, at which George was presented with an illuminated address and described as the proprietor.
The decision to build standard gauge in a broad gauge area prevented them from sending their coal either to Cardiff (via Stormy) or Blackmill via the Ely Valley Extension Railway. They therefore decided to build a new port at Porthcawl as the old tidal dock was unsatisfactory.
They obtained the co-operation of the Llynfi company and jointly obtained the Llynvi and Ogmore Railways Act in June 1864. This included the new dock, to be run jointly by the two companies. This covered 7 ½ acres, had . wharfage, four high level loading stages and a capacity of 5,000 tons of coal per day. It cost £250,000. In July 1866 the Lynvi and Ogmore companies were amalgamated to make the Llynvi and Ogmore Railway with Alexander Brogden as chairman. When the new dock was opened on 22 July 1867 it was part of this new company. The place of honour went to the Brogden screw steamer SS "John Brogden". By 1868 all lines were dual gauge so the essential motivation for the dock was no longer present.
It is not entirely clear why they built the Ogmore Valley as a standard gauge railway in a broad gauge area, forcing the decision to build a dock at considerable expense. It may have been unavoidable owing to the Gauge Act of 1846. If so then perhaps it would have been cheaper to build the line as dual gauge from the start instead of building a dock. Perhaps even this was not permissible. The Llynvi Valley Railway was formed in 1861 by reopening pre-1846 lines. This is probably why it was permitted to use broad gauge. What is clear is that Brogdens sold off the Ulverston and Lancaster at about the same time as they started the Ogmore Valley Railway.
The trade of the new dock grew rapidly. In 1864 only 17,000 tons of coal passed out of the old outer basin but in 1871 the new inner dock shipped over 165,000 tons. In July 1873 the Great Western Railway took it over from the Llynvi and Ogmore, guaranteeing a dividend of 6%.
At the end of January 1865 James Brogden acquired of land adjoining the dock on behalf of the firm. In May 1867 he granted leases on the western side of what was to be the main street, to be called John Street in honour of his father. When Alexander later assumed control he stopped this venture. However, when the firm was dissolved, Mrs James Brogden acquired the land and she and her husband established on it the nucleus of modern Porthcawl.
When John Brogden senior died in December 1869, Alexander assumed his father's position as head of the firm and came to Tondu to take control. He chose to reside in the vacant house of the co-respondent in James's divorce, despite the latter's protestations and offer to vacate Tondu House. This decision made it difficult to maintain the cordial relationship necessary to manage the business.
In December 1871 the fortunes of the Brogdens began to change when the firm made an agreement with the neighbouring Llynvi Coal and Iron Company Ltd which owned a large integrated ironworks at Maesteg, six miles (10 km) north of Tondu. As a result of the agreement, the two companies merged to form a new joint stock company, the Llynvi, Tondu and Ogmore Coal and Iron Company which was 'floated' in May 1872. The merger was probably inevitable as, in 1870, the Brogdens were challenged by the Llynvi company in the High Court after the former company had crossed the boundary of the latter in the Coegnant district and mined large quantities of Llynvi coal without permission. The Vice-Chancellor, Sir James Bacon, ruled in favour of the Llynvi Coal and Iron Co. and the Brogdens had to face a very large demand for compensation or an expensive appeal. The merger of the two companies quickly followed.
Although the Brogden family were the main shareholders in the new company and Alexander Brogden was the chairman, the family, for the first time, relinquished control over their fortunes as the new company had a large number of 'vocal' shareholders in the Manchester and Southport areas who closely monitored the progress of the new venture. In 1873, during a major strike among the iron company workers in south Wales, Alexander Brogden acted unilaterally and settled amicably with the workforce a month before the strike eventually ended in the rest of the coalfield. In the immediate aftermath of the strike Alexander Brogden was so highly regarded by his workforce in Maesteg that, for a time, it was suggested that the planned town hall in the valley should be named in his honour. By 1874 however, after a brief period of prosperity, profits slumped as the Tondu and Llynvi works faced competition from cheaper producers abroad and, more importantly, from cheap Bessemer steel. Losses accumulated until the company's debenture holders opted for voluntary liquidation in January 1878.
The company would have probably survived the trade depression of the late 1870s were it not for the untimely intervention of one of the old Llynvi company's Debenture Holders, probably George Moffatt, former chairman of the Llynvi Coal and Iron Co Ltd. Moffatt decided to withdraw his large debenture holding in December 1877, a move which would have resulted in bankruptcy proceedings with disastrous consequences for the debenture holders. As a result, the holders opted for the lesser evil of voluntary liquidation. The merger of 1871–2 proved to be disastrous for the Brogdens as they forfeited effective control over their Welsh enterprises, and expanded their exposure to iron, at a time when the south Wales wrought iron trade was about to enter a period of terminal decline.
Brogdens had other difficulties. They owned the Bwllfa Colliery in the Aberdare Valley (see above) and since the beginning of 1870 had supplied coal weekly to the Metropolitan Railway at favourable prices. A draft contract had been initialled by Alexander but never formally completed and Alexander decided to cease deliveries without notice. The Metropolitan held that the draft contract was valid and had been breached. A case was tried at the Surrey Spring Assizes (1873), The Court of Common Pleas and the House of Lords (1877), each of which held for the Metropolitan. This case is an important precedent in the law of contract.
The Mont Cenis Pass Railway between France and Italy was promoted and construction overseen by a partnership consisting of Alexander Brogden, The Duke of Sutherland, Sir James Hudson, Thomas Brassey, The Duke of Vallombrosa, Lord Abinger, Sir Robert Dallas, Edward Blount, Jervoise Smith, Thomas Crampton, W B Buddicom, J B Fell, and James Brunlees. Fell and Brunlees were the engineers. Fell designed the engine/rail system for mountain use and Brunlees designed the route in accordance with Fell's design. This temporary "Fell Railway" was the first mountain railway in the world. It operated from 1868 to 1871, and was replaced by the railway through the Mont Cenis Tunnel.
Although the railway was successful in technical and service terms, it is doubtful whether the shareholders got any of their money back and Brogdens had invested a lot. Out of 8,678 shares issued (as of August 1866), Alexander had taken 792. By November 1867 £150,000 had been raised by shares and only £2,600 by debentures. In October 1868, shareholders funds were unchanged but debentures stood at £180,000, loans £17,500 and creditors at £65,000. It follows that Alexander's share investment, now lost, had been about £13,700, plus one share of £1,000 in the Mont Cenis Concessionary Company which had been formed earlier to negotiate concessions from the two governments.
Towards the end of 1870 the New Zealand Government, dominated by Sir Julius Vogel, the, Colonial Treasurer and soon to be Prime Minister, authorised the colony's first major railway construction programme. Vogel came to London to negotiate loans and concluded an agreement with Brogdens to construct railways and provide plant to the value of £500,000. He also negotiated a much larger alternative contract, subject to Parliamentary approval, which would give the colony £4,000,000 of railways and 10,000 immigrants in return for transferring of land to the contractors.
James Brogden went out to New Zealand to complete them. He left Liverpool in August 1871 and returned to England early in 1873. The diary that he kept during his journey shows that he was engaged in very difficult and protracted negotiations. In October 1871 the New Zealand Parliament rejected the larger contract but allowed the ministry to negotiate an extension to the smaller one.
The government started their own immigration programme and also made an agreement with Brogdens that Brogdens would dispatch up to 2000 able-bodied men plus wives and children to a maximum of 6,000 adults. For this privilege Brogdens had to pay the government £10 per adult and could take promissory notes from the adult immigrants not exceeding £16 each. Brogdens hoped for great things and, under pressure from the New Zealand government began in April 1872 to ship immigrants. These immigrants, and rail workers in general in New Zealand, gained the nickname "Brogdenites".
In England Brogdens were offering better terms than the New Zealand government, mainly in the sense that they paid most of the necessary costs themselves, relying on promissory notes from the immigrants, whereas the government wanted substantial payments in advance which were hard for a working man to find. For this reason the colony's Agent-General in London, Dr. Isaac Featherston directed staff to support the Brogden programme.
It was not easy to persuade men or families to leave their homeland. However the 1866 recession in copper-mining in Cornwall and bitter disputes between farmers and farm labourers assisted the recruiters. Charles Carter (1822–1896), a member of Featherston's recruitment staff who interviewed nearly all the "Brogden navvies", had been a Chartist sympathiser and an active propagandist for improved working class conditions before emigrating to New Zealand in 1850 and the campaign worked closely with the unions.
In 1872 the Company were given six rail contracts as follows:
for sections of railway totalling at a cost of £808,000.
There were considerable difficulties in the operation of the contracts and the management of the men. During the period 1870–1875, power gradually transferred from the Provinces to the central government, partly because of the railway question. The Bill to abolish the Provinces was carried in October 1875 and implemented a year later. However, in the interim it was very difficult for Brogdens to get clear prompt decisions. Brogdens got less work than they had hoped and it became available more slowly than expected. Communications between UK and New Zealand were obviously slow so it was difficult to know how many men to send at any given time. Sometimes Brogdens could not find work for the men when they arrived. Men reneged on their promissory notes. There were disputes over working hours, wages and whether they should be paid when the weather stopped the work. Gradually the men drifted away. By August 1873, 2172 English immigrants had been brought out. They included 1299 working-age men who were contracted to work for Brogdens for two years but only 287 of them were still working for them. Most of the men were agricultural labourers, rather than true navvies and they found local agricultural labour and working conditions more attractive than navvy work.
Consequently, work was slower than expected and in 1879 the Company was in dispute with the New Zealand Government over contract payments. Bankruptcy soon followed.
Although this was not a happy result for Brogdens, the results for New Zealand and the families themselves were good. New Zealand obtained useful citizens who were very happy with their work, wages, food and social conditions. Their letters home encouraged more people to come. Many of today's New Zealanders have ancestors who were members of the families who emigrated at this time.
Brogdens built part of the Northampton and Peterborough Railway, from Oundle to Peterborough. They also doubled the line from Oundle to Peterborough (contracted 11 Dec 1845).
They built sluices and tidal gates at St Germans, Norfolk, one of the outlets of The Fens.
In July 1850 they joined Mr McClean in a lease of the South Staffordshire line. Alexander Brogden was general manager and Henry locomotive manager. This continued until February 1860 when the LNWR took a new lease. This line ran through Wednesbury and Alexander was elected as the first M.P. of that town in 1868. He held the seat until 1880.
In the Netherlands Brogdens held the concession to construct about of railway – the Tilburg and Nijmegen in North Brabant and Gelderland, which formed part of the Dutch South Eastern Railway Company (DSERC) and a new direct route from London to Berlin via Flushing (Vlissingen). There was some dispute with the DSERC but the nature of this dispute is not clear.
Richardson (1881) page 46 also refers to an ironworks in Finland and copper mines in Russia. An obituary of Henry Brogden refers to work in Australia and South America.
The partnership of Alexander, Henry and James Brogden, trading as Brogdens from 52 Queen Victoria Street in the City of London, was dissolved on 31 July 1880 by order of the Chancery Division of Her Majesty's High Court of Justice with effect from 26 July. On 11 January 1884 the liquidations of Alexander and Henry were announced in the London Gazette. They had presented petitions for liquidation estimating their liabilities upwards of £500,000 with assets of £3,830.
The properties associated with the Brogdens in Tondu and Maesteg were purchased by North's Navigation Collieries Ltd in 1889. The new company, initially led by Colonel John T. North, the 'Nitrate King', produced iron at the Tondu site until 1896 before concentrating on the booming coal trade in the Llynfi and Ogmore valleys.

</doc>
<doc id="14090093" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14090093" title="Perkins and Will">
Perkins and Will

Perkins+Will is an American architecture and design firm established in 1935.
The firm was established by Lawrence Perkins (1907-1998) and Philip Will (1906-1985).
Perkins and Will met while studying architecture at Cornell University. The company was founded in Chicago.
The company attracted national attention in 1940 with the Crow Island School in Winnetka, Illinois, designed in association with Eliel Saarinen and Eero Saarinen. In 1986, Perkins+Will was bought by Dar Al-Handasah, a Lebanese consulting firm. 
In March 2014, Perkins + Will announced its planned acquisition of The Freelon Group, led by Philip Freelon. After the close of the transaction, Freelon is expected to join Perkins + Will’s board of directors and become managing and design director of the firm’s North Carolina practice.
The firm's website claims to have more Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) accredited professionals than any other design firm in North America. In 2011, Perkins+Will announced the LEED-ND (Neighborhood Development) platinum level certification for its 100th sustainable building, the Dockside Green Phase Two Balance project, located in Victoria, British Columbia.
Notable LEED projects:

</doc>
<doc id="14092681" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14092681" title="Salten Kraftsamband">
Salten Kraftsamband

Salten Kraftsamband or SKS is a Norwegian power company that operates eight hydroelectric power stations with annual production of 1,770 GWh. Since 1997 the company has also sold power to end-users. Head offices are located in Fauske.
The company is owned by the City of Bodø (47.72%), Troms Kraft (20.35%), Municipality of Fauske (12.83%), Nordkraft (8.86%), Sjøfossen Energi (6.92%) and Skjerstad Kraftlag (3.32%). DONG Energy bought its ownership from Elkem and Meløy Energi while Narvik Energi bought it from Skjerstad Kraftlag and the Municipality of Sørfold. In 2010, DONG Energy sold its stake to Troms Kraft.
Salten Kraftsamband operates the Daja, Fagerli, Lomi, and Sjønstå power stations on the Sjønstå River in Sulitjelma and the Forså, Langvann, Sundsfjord, and Oldereid power stations in Salten. It also owns 58% of Rødøy-Lurøy Kraftverk and 60% of Nord-Norsk Vindkraft and part of Fauske Lysverk.
SKS was founded in 1956 by the municipalities of Bodø, Bodin and Fauske to create a power grid from the power stations in Sulitjelma to Outer Salten where the largest population was located. The municipalities had cooperated in building the power plants, but needed a separate company to transport the electricity. In the end of the 50s SKS built the Deja station. The current structure of the company arose in 1975 with a merger of Salten Kraftlag. In the 1980s there was major work on creating a vertical integrated power company for all of Salten, and in the long term a county municipality owned company for all of Nordland. But local fluctuation and concern for every petty local job made a consolidation impossible. In 1991 the new energy law was passed, killing the process. In 2000 SKS tried to merge with Bodø Energi and Fauske Lysverk, but the fusion failed.

</doc>
<doc id="14092715" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14092715" title="Quest KACE">
Quest KACE

Quest KACE, formally Dell KACE, is a company that specializes in computer appliances for systems management of information technology equipment. It also provides software for security, application virtualization, and systems management products. Established in 2003, KACE was headquartered in Mountain View, California with offices in Europe and Asia.
KACE was started in 2003 when Rob Meinhardt and Marty Kacin founded and self-funded the company for over two years. KACE subsequently received venture capital funding from Sigma Partners, Norwest Venture Partners, and Focus Ventures. KACE developed appliances designed to help IT personnel more efficiently provision, manage, secure and service network-connected devices. 
In 2007, competitors included Altiris, Novell ZENworks, BigFix, LANDesk, as well as products for other larger companies.
On February 11, 2010, KACE announced its acquisition by Dell. KACE family appliances were then sold by Dell. Later on KACE became part of Dell Software group.
On November 1, 2016, Francisco Partners and Elliot Management acquired the Dell Software Group, which was re-launched as Quest Software and SonicWALL. KACE products are currently part of the Quest portfolio.
All KACE products are sold as computer appliances. These systems are delivered as 19-inch rack servers or as VMware ESX virtual machines. Except for initial network settings via a console login, all communication with the product is done using the graphical user interface using a Web browser.
The KACE Systems Management Appliance (formerly the K1000) manages, secures and services network-connected devices.
The KACE Systems Deployment Appliance (formerly the K2000) accelerates the inital provisioning and ongoing adminstration of system images and driver updates.
As personal mobile devices, smart-phones, and tablets are getting used in enterprise environments, including allowing them some level of access to the enterprise IT infrastructure under the term bring your own device (BYOD), KACE anticipated a demand to manage mobile devices in a similar way as laptops, workstations or servers.
Some of the facilities offered in the application-distribution systems are also to some level available in the OS deployment systems: for example, installation of some standard applications as part of an OS deployment. Both systems do offer inventory options.
Since before the company's acquisition by Dell, KACE appliances were sold as physical Dell PowerEdge servers with open-source software technologies. All appliances are also available as virtual appliances that can run on VMware ESX or VMware ESXi. Trial versions of the appliances can also run on VMware Player.
KACE uses FreeBSD and all collected data is stored in a number of mySQL databases. Although all management of the device and the data in the system goes (only) via the web-gui users have developed their own interfaces with other management systems by accessing the databases directly. It is also possible to integrate a KACE appliance in third party IT management suites, such as SolarWinds NPM system Orion, Bomgar remote support or Faronics Deep Freeze application.

</doc>
<doc id="14093160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14093160" title="Skjerstad Kraftlag">
Skjerstad Kraftlag

Skjerstad Kraftlag was a power company that operated in the former municipality of Skjerstad, Norway with about 1,000 subscribers. It was owned by the municipality.
The company was established on 2 March 1947, though signings for shares had been done since 1943. When the municipality of Skjerstad was merged with Bodø on 1 January 2005 an agreement to sell the power company was made, and on 19 November 2005 the company BDF-Energi, owned by Bodø Energi (74%) and Fauske Lysverk (26%) bought the company for NOK 125 million. The purchase was strategically important to have control over a 3.3% stake in Salten Kraftsamband.

</doc>
<doc id="14093506" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14093506" title="Fauske Lysverk">
Fauske Lysverk

Fauske Lysverk is a private power company that operates the power grid in Fauske, Norway with 6,000 customers and 440 kilometers of grid. The company does not have any of its own power production. The largest owner is the municipality (44.64%), Bodø Energi (12.4%) and Salten Kraftsamband. Fauske Lysverk was founded in 1913. As of May 2004 the number of shareholders in the company were 552.

</doc>
<doc id="14094926" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14094926" title="Kleinschmidt Inc">
Kleinschmidt Inc

Kleinschmidt Inc. was established in 1931 by Edward Kleinschmidt. It is a privately owned firm that provides electronic commerce, electronic data interchange, and value-added network services. Its headquarters are in Deerfield, Illinois.
Edward Kleinschmidt was one of the inventors of the teleprinter, one of the first electronic commerce devices.
1893 - Edward Ernst Kleinschmidt started working with telegraphy;
1898 - Edward E Kleinschmidt opened his own experimental shop;
1906 - George Seely joined Kleinschmidt’s shop with a partially developed block system for electric trolley car railways;
1910 - Exhibited at the Association of American Railroads Communications Convention;
1910 - Kleinschmidt started to receive multiple patents;
1914 - Kleinschmidt Electric Company was founded;
1924 - Kleinschmidt Electric merged with the Morkrum Company to form Morkrum-Kleinschmidt Corporation;
1928 - The company name was changed to Teletype Corporation;
1930 - The Teletype Corporation was sold to AT&T for $30,000,000 in stock;
1931 - Kleinschmidt Laboratories Inc. was founded;
1944 - Edward E. Kleinschmidt demonstrated his lightweight teleprinter at the Chief Signal Officer;
1949 - The Kleinschmidt 100-words-per-minute typebar page printer was made the standard for the Military;
1956 - Kleinschmidt Laboratories Inc. merged with Smith Corona which merged with Marchant Calculating Machine Company shortly thereafter, forming SCM;
1979 - Started to provide Electronic Data Interchange (EDI) and Car Location Message (CLM) services;
1986 - Hanson Trust acquired SCM Corporation. Harry S. Gaples, then Kleinschmidt division president, purchased the division from Hanson Trust.

</doc>
<doc id="14098144" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14098144" title="Meldac">
Meldac

Japanese music and video game company. They also had a subsidiary in America called Meldac of America before it became defunct in the 1990s.
Meldac has produced albums for Jennifer Love Hewitt ("Love Songs"), Christopher Sluka, and J-Walk. In addition to music albums, the company also published video games such as "Zombie Nation" for the Nintendo Entertainment System. They also made Heiankyo Alien and Mercenary Force for the Game Boy in addition to Uchuu Race: Astro Go! Go! for the Super Famicom. These games have been distributed by Tokuma Japan Communications through its "TRI-M" sublabel.

</doc>
<doc id="14098511" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14098511" title="Ring Power">
Ring Power

Ring Power is a privately held heavy equipment corporation headquartered at the World Commerce Center in St. Johns County, Florida, midway between St. Augustine and Jacksonville.
The company was founded in 1961 by L.C. "Ring" Ringhaver, who gave up shrimp boat building to become a Caterpillar engine dealer in St. Augustine, Florida. The following year, they became a full line dealer and relocated to Jacksonville. In 1973 the company moved to a site on U.S. Route 1 (locally known as Philips Highway) and Baymeadows Road on the southside. As the business grew over the next 25 years, the product lines expanded and more divisions were added. The property in Jacksonville eventually became a complex of seven buildings with 250,000 ft² of space. At the end of the century, they ran out of room to expand, and the character of Philips Highway had changed from industrial to commercial. The decision was made to find a new home with at least . The result of the search was the purchase of at World Commerce Center along Interstate 95 in St. Johns County. A $1.6 million incentive package was approved by the St. Johns County Commission and Elkins Constructors began work in the Fall of 2003 on a 414,000 ft² facility. Most of their old property along Philips Highway was sold for redevelopment and Ring Power moved to their new headquarters in March, 2005. Lowe's purchased and built a home improvement store; BJ's Wholesale Club was constructed on an parcel; a small retail strip center with half a dozen businesses was positioned closest to the intersection of Philips and Baymeadows. Ring Power retained the at the north end of the property for a Ring Power Forklift Operations center.
The port facilities in Jacksonville and Miami allow the company to export equipment almost anywhere in the world. Ring Power has over 1600 employees at branches in 19 cities throughout Florida and offices in California, Georgia, New Jersey, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Texas. Customers can purchase, lease or rent new & used Caterpillar industrial equipment. Ring Power also handles machines made by Kalmar, Linde, Clark, Trail King, Manitowoc, Grove, Gradall, National Crane, Rosco, Gomaco, Phoenix Products and others.
Over 300 employees were assigned to the Ring Power office in Riverview, Florida (near Tampa) in 2006. The operation had outgrown the spartan building constructed in the mid-1980s and needed more space. Instead of razing the structure and building new, they spent nearly $50 million to renovate and created larger offices and common areas, more windows with pleasant views of the landscape, and eliminated scores of the filing cabinets by going paperless.
Ring Power supplies equipment used in heavy construction, roadbuilding, logging, agriculture, recycling, waste management and landfill maintenance, governmental, marine power, truck engine power, prime and standby power generation, entertainment venues, industrial power, warehousing, port container handling and material handling.
The Late-2000s recession caused the construction industry to nearly grind to a halt, which forced the company to reduce their workforce from 2,300 to 1,600. Ring Power was successful in obtaining a government contract to refurbish military vehicles, but business from regular customers was slow.
Ringhaver Park in Jacksonville consists of 576 acres of mostly wetlands. It has 6 soccer fields, 4 softball fields, 2 tennis courts and bleachers & benches; 3 covered picnic shelters with 18 picnic tables; a two-mile (3.2 km) paved trail to a dock for canoe/kayak launching on the Ortega River. It was named for founder Lambert C. Ringhaver, whose family donated funds for park development after his death in 1976. 
The $11.6 million, 44,000 ft2 Ringhaver Student Center at Flagler College opened for the 2007-2008 school year. It was built using funds donated by the Ringhaver family.

</doc>
<doc id="14098635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14098635" title="Acheron Design">
Acheron Design

Acheron Design is an independent Australian game development studio, which has historically thrived on subcontracting and outsource work. Acheron Design was founded in 2004 by Lewis Strudwick and Athol Birtley. In 2006, the studio became a company, and Michael de Graaf joined the executive team. It is a member of the International Game Developers Association, and the Game Developers Association of Australia.
Acheron Design's notable releases have largely been sports games. The company developed Brian Lara Pressure Play for the PSP, in conjunction with IR Gurus. The game was published by British publisher Codemasters in 2007, and has been a #1 seller in the UK, and in Australia. Acheron Design also worked on the arcade soccer simulator Striker Pro for the Buffalo company Innovative Concepts in Entertainment (ICE).
In addition, Acheron Design has worked on numerous DVD trivia board games. These have often been licensed products, from organisations such as the Australian Football League and Cricket Australia.
In 2007, Acheron Design won a special commendation in the 'Best New Startup' category at the annual Game Developers Association of Australia awards. Brian Lara Pressure Play was also a finalist in the 'Best Handheld Game' category.
In 2004, Lewis Strudwick and Athol Birtley developed and released Laboratory Mission X while studying at Melbourne University. The game is a freeware title for the PC that explores unconventional control mechanisms and gameplay ideas. The studio grew and began performing outsourcing work for companies such as IR Gurus. It is now combining contract work with development of original intellectual property.
The name 'Acheron' comes from classical Greek mythology, where Acheron is one of the rivers in Hades. It is the Acheron across which Charon was said to ferry the newly dead to the underworld. These classical allusions are clearly reflected in the company's logo, which shows a ferryman and a lake or river of some sort.
Managing director Lewis Strudwick has suggested that the name 'Acheron' was as mispronounced as 'id Software', with the preferred pronunciation being 'ak-uh-ron', or 'ack-uh-ron'.
Acheron Design has built and maintains a game engine for simple, rapid development of 2D games. It is called the MASI engine, and provides high- and low-level functionality for game development. It is freely available using subversion, and has been used internally by Acheron Design in several projects. An overview of the engine can be found on the company's developer website.
In September 2007, Film Victoria announced investment in the Acheron Design project The Nightspot. According to the Film Victoria website, The Nightspot is 'a multi-platform game that gives users the freedom to create and manage their own bar however they see fit'.
Further, in an interview with Australian game industry website tsumea, managing director Lewis Strudwick hinted that a 'sci-fi psychological thriller' was also in the works. At a Dissecta talk dealing with DVD Trivia Games, it was also confirmed that the company is working on trivia games for the downloadable PC market.

</doc>
<doc id="14100129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14100129" title="Flowmaster">
Flowmaster

Flowmaster, Inc. is a specialty performance aftermarket exhaust parts manufacturer. The company has two locations totaling over in Santa Rosa, California and West Sacramento, California. It was founded in 1983 by Ray Flugger. Originally created to minimize California Sprint Car engine noise without sacrificing performance from excessive back pressure caused by traditional exhaust systems, Flowmaster has grown to be a manufacturer of performance exhaust systems, mufflers, exhaust kits, racing mufflers, stainless steel mufflers, and exhaust accessories for cars, muscle cars, trucks, diesel trucks, SUVs, motorhomes, ATVs and most vehicles.
Best known for their line of high-performance ‘chambered’ mufflers, Flowmaster designs and builds many bolt-on exhaust systems for many vehicles, and supplies exhaust technology for various military applications as well. 
Privately owned by Flugger until 2010, the company was purchased by the B&M Group and now shares space with three other automotive parts companies: B&M Racing, Hurst Shifters and Hurst Driveline Conversions.

</doc>
<doc id="14100573" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14100573" title="Reel Corporation">
Reel Corporation

Reel Corporation is an independent Australian film distributor. Reel Corporation Australia established a joint venture sales company with Roadshow Entertainment called Reel DVD.
Reel Corporation distributes many films, children programmes and television series. It also deals with independent studio film content titles which would receive limited release in cinemas. While instead Village Roadshow would release big blockbusters from studios such as Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema.
Reel Corporation would look after genre titles which didn't necessarily have big studio output deals, which aided in international distribution for films which include "Teaching Mrs. Tingle" and "Bride of Chucky".
Starting in February 2007, Village Roadshow allocated many of its 'smaller' titles to Reel DVD to be repackaged and re-distributed, and sold at discount prices. These also included big budget films like "Jason X" and "The Art of War" which hadn't achieved high sales on DVD. They were submitted for Revision at the Office of Film and Literature Classification (Australia's censorship board) and officially given new Classification logos and simpler Classification Advice.
Reel continues to distribute small-scale and direct-to-DVD films, a recent example being "A Love Song for Bobby Long" in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="14100719" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14100719" title="S&amp;T (company)">
S&amp;T (company)

The S&T group of enterprises is an IT consulting, solutions and services provider with its head office in Vienna and 80 branches in 22 countries.
S&T was founded by Thomas Streimelweger and Karl Tantscher in 1993. The company started up in Slovakia, Bulgaria and Ukraine and other branches were established over the next few years in Romania, Moldova and Yugoslavia. In the early years, S&T specialized in the sale of IT hardware and software, as a Full Function Distributor for Hewlett Packard but they turned their focus to IT consulting and services from the year 2000.
S&T’s initial public offering took place on the EASDAQ (now NASDAQ Europe) in 1998. Following on from this, the company grew by setting up branches and through the acquisition of other companies. In 1999, for example, S&T expanded its presence into Slovenia, Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Macedonia by purchasing Hermes Plus. Not long afterwards, the branch in Slovenia was strengthened by the takeover of e-business company ICOS. S&T also set up a branch in Hungary that same year.
From 1999, S&T became involved with the sale of medical products and is now Philips’ exclusive distribution partner for medical products in Bulgaria, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Moldova, Romania and Slovakia. To break into this sector, the company purchased HP’s medical products business unit. Medical Systems Business, as it was called at the time, was taken over by Agilent Technologies when HP split into two companies in 1999. In 2002, Agilent sold the medical business unit to Philips. The two smallest business units in this sector (Chemical Analysis and Electronic Testing and Measuring Systems) were sold again one year later.
The company gained a branch in the Ukraine with the acquisition of Soft-Tronik in 2000, and acquired one in Poland by purchasing Largo Systems. S&T founded S&T International in Russia in the same year. In 2001, S&T bought Aster in Slovenia, INNET in Hungary, Neos Computer in the Czech Republic and Netway Computer Systems in Romania. In 2002, they expanded further into Latvia and Montenegro and also into Turkey with the takeover of Protek. Epsilon in Croatia and Atlantis in Slovenia were taken over in 2003, as were Fujitsu Services branches in six countries. S&T moved from the EASDAQ to the Vienna Stock Exchange in the same year.
The purchase of ITS Intertrade Sistemi d.o.o. in Slovenia took place in 2004, InfoNET Project d.o.o. in Croatia in 2005 and 2006 saw a total of four takeovers: S&T purchased the IT activities of T-System in Turkey, took over Unitis in Hungary, the Grall Group in the Czech Republic and BEELC in Poland. In the same year, S&T withdrew from the markets in Malta, Greece and Switzerland. A few months later, Switzerland became part of the S&T group of enterprises once more, when S&T took over the SAP consulting company IMG The Information Management Group in spring 2007. The US subsidiary of IMG was sold again in September 2007.
S&T Group customers include large and medium-sized enterprises with at least 250 employees and IT positions in Central and Eastern Europe, Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Asia. Their target markets are financial service providers, manufacturing, telecommunications, energy providers, trade, distribution, the aviation and defence industry and public administration.
S&T works with Oracle, Microsoft, HP, IBM, SAP, EMC, Cisco, Check Point and Infor.

</doc>
<doc id="14102005" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14102005" title="Umbra (3D technology company)">
Umbra (3D technology company)

Umbra is a graphics software technology company founded 2007 in Helsinki, Finland. Umbra specializes in occlusion culling, visibility solution technology and provides middleware for video games running on Windows, Linux, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, handheld consoles, iOS, Wii U and other platforms.
Umbra provides the occlusion culling system for Unity game engine since Unity 3 release.
Umbra is also available as a plug-in for Unreal Engine 3 and 4.
Umbra’s technology is being used in many major video games such as , , , Destiny, Until Dawn, Killzone Shadow Fall, Mass Effect 2, Mass Effect 3, Guild Wars 2, RaiderZ, The Secret World, Lord of the Rings Online, Planetside 2, Alan Wake, , Grandia Online, EVE Online, Free Realms, Dragon Age Origins, Dragon Age II and .
Umbra's technology has been licensed for use in video games by Bungie, Guerrilla Games, CD Projekt RED, Microsoft Game Studios, Team Dakota, Neversoft, Infinity Ward, Shanda Games, Vicarious Visions, Specular Interactive, Remedy, Red Duck Inc., Splash Damage, Softmax and several others.
Umbra was spun off from Hybrid Graphics in 2005. Umbra acquired Hybrid Graphics' dPVS and continued its development. The next generation of this technology, named Umbra, was a hardware accelerated occlusion culling middleware. Umbra was released in September 2007. In 2009, Umbra Occlusion Booster was released, and it was optimized for multi-core systems such as Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PCs.
In 2011 Umbra mostly concentrated on developing Umbra 3. The solution offers performance optimization by optimizing critical parts of a game such as rendering and by providing tools to help with content streaming and game logic. Umbra 3 builds an internal representation of a game scene and uses this data at runtime to perform efficient queries that can be used to e.g. determine the set of visible objects for the player or determine the set of objects that are within a given distance from a point. The difference from past versions is that Umbra 3 has a pre-process stage where it compiles the visibility data which is then used at runtime to perform visibility-related queries. A new feature in 2012 is the streaming functionality allowing building of visibility data at runtime.
In March 2010, Unity Technologies announced that the next release of Unity would feature built-in occlusion culling preprocessing powered by Umbra. It first appeared in Unity 3. Prior Unity 5's release Umbra's occlusion culling solution was available only with paid Pro licenses.
Edge Magazine's website next-generation.biz reported on December 15, 2011 that Umbra's technology is an integral part of Bungie's new 3D engine and game.
ArenaNet's Guild Wars 2 was released on August 28 and the game uses Umbra 3.
On August 14, 2012, Umbra announced its partnership with Nintendo which allows the licensing of the Umbra 3 middleware for Wii U developers.
At the Game Developers Conference 2014 Umbra announced Umbra for Cloud and Umbra VR. The latter is based on Umbra's Stereo Camera feature which the company explains allows “both eyes can use the results of a single occlusion culling operation – effectively halving the required processing time.” 
On April 3, 2014, Umbra announced that its latest technology was licensed by Wargaming to be used as part of the graphical upgrade being made to World of Tanks. The deal also allows other Wargaming.net studios to use Umbra's Visibility Technology.
Umbra has developed two products: Umbra Occlusion Booster and Umbra 3.
Umbra Occlusion Booster is GPU accelerated occlusion culling middleware for PC, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. This product was released in 2009.
Umbra 3.2, was released on February 1, 2013. The "next-generation" update has several important new features such as streaming which enables streaming open worlds, shadow and light culling as well as hierarchical occluder data which also helps open world performance.
Umbra 3.3 was released on August 11, 2013.
In February 2015, Umbra announced Umbra Cloud and rebranded both the product and the company as simply Umbra.
dPVS is an advanced computer graphics visibility optimization tool. Designed for developing games with large and dynamic [3D] worlds, dPVS computes visibility databases in real time. dPVS also reduces the time required for static PVS computation.
Originally started at Hybrid Graphics, under the name "SurRender Umbra", it was the topic of Timo Aila's Master's Thesis, with the collaboration of Ville Miettinen (who was one of the developers of their SurRender engine.) 
Because of its continuing development, and

</doc>
<doc id="14104900" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14104900" title="Trican Well Service">
Trican Well Service

Trican Well Service Ltd. is an oilfield services corporation headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, Canada with operations in Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba and Saskatchewan, Canada as well as, the United States . Trican maintains an employee count in Canada of over 1300 people and provides a wide range of services including acidizing, coiled tubing, fracturing, nitrogen pumping, cementing, microseismic, and industrial services. Trican is publicly traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Trican Well Service was initially founded in 1979 as a private corporation by two cousins and a former colleague on a farm near Marshall, Saskatchewan before it was moved to the Glenn E. Neilson industrial park in Lloydminster, Alberta in 1981. In December 1996, the company went public while a simultaneous change in management occurred. Since then, Trican has expanded its Canadian operations to include fifteen operational bases (twelve in Alberta, two in northern British Columbia, one in Manitoba and one in Saskatchewan) and began operations in the United States and Russia under Liberty Pressure Pumping and Newco Well Service respectively. In 2007 Trican began operations in Algeria.
In 2012 Trican posted a revenue of 2.21B CDN with a net income of 53.7M CDN.
In October 2008, Trican was named one of "Canada's Top 100 Employers" by Mediacorp Canada Inc., and was featured in "Maclean's" newsmagazine. Later that month, Trican was also named one of Alberta's Top Employers, which was announced by the Calgary Herald and the Edmonton Journal.
In January 2013, it acquired i-TEC Well Solutions.
The company won the 2013 New Technology Development Oil & Gas Award in the Rocky Mountains for its TriFrac-MLT.

</doc>
<doc id="14113882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14113882" title="Quote.com">
Quote.com

Quote.com is a website that delivers financial content and trading tools to active traders and individual investors. It provides free access to delayed worldwide quotes, charts and financial news covering major markets and more than 50 exchanges, including NYSE, NASDAQ, the London Stock Exchange and the Tokyo Stock Exchange.
Founded in 1993, Quote.com was one of the first financial portals: it provided stock quotes, detailed market data on options, commodity futures, mutual funds and bonds; real-time business news; market analysis; balance-sheet data; and company profiles. In 1997, Quote.com and ClariNet Communications forged an alliance to provide financial market data, including news, quotes, charts, research and analysis over ClariNet's online news services. 
In 1999, Quote.com became part of the Lycos Network when Lycos, Inc. acquired the company for $78.3 million in stock. Quote.com was among the top five investment information sites on the web at that time. Known as the Lycos Finance division, Quote.com expanded with the subscription-based QCharts and LiveCharts services that provided real-time streaming data. In 2006, Interactive Data Corporation acquired the assets of Quote.com and certain other related assets from Lycos, Inc. for $30 million in cash. In 2013, Quote.com was purchased by Dan Wesley.

</doc>
<doc id="14115416" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14115416" title="Malt Shovel Brewery">
Malt Shovel Brewery

The Malt Shovel Brewery is an Australian brewery owned by Lion and located in Camperdown, New South Wales. It is best known for the James Squire range of beers. The beer is named after the convict turned Australia's first brewer James Squire, who also went on the grow Australia's first hops and is said to have created Australia's first commercial brewery.
In 1988, master brewer Chuck Hahn established the Hahn Brewery (then Australia's largest microbrewery) in a former horse stables and later furniture factory, in Camperdown, an inner-city suburb of Sydney. In 1993, the boutique beer-making operation received financial support from Lion. In late 1998, the brewery was relaunched as the Australian craft-brewing arm of Lion, and was renamed the Malt Shovel Brewery, after the James Squire's original brewery tavern ("The Malting Shovel"). The Malt Shovel Brewery produces boutique beers in small batches and in honour of Australia’s first brewer, the brewery named their range of pale ales, ales and porters 'James Squire'. In 2003, the business produced four million litres of beer and in 2010 it had increased to 4.74 million litres. In 2008, the brewery acquired the adjoining building, which allowed the company to expand both its production and storage facilities.
The company has also established a number of brewpubs, with the Crafty Squire Brewhouse on Russell Street, Melbourne, the Squire's Maiden on Honeysuckle Drive, Newcastle, the Squire's Fortune on The Esplanade, Perth, the Generous Squire on Murray Street, Perth, the Curious Squire on O’Connell Street, North Adelaide, and the Charming Squire on Grey Street, Brisbane.
In 2017 new brewhouses will be opened in Sydney and in Hobart.
Currently the brewery does not have regular opening hours for the public. However the brewery opens its doors to the public each year during Sydney Craft Beer Week in October each year and also hosts by invitation 'Trade Nights' every quarter.
The Malt Shovel Brewery produces a number of main brews under the James Squire brand, each with a moniker related to the James Squire story:
Every 3 months the brewery creates limited edition beers under the James Squire brand which are available in its James Squire brewhouses and via selected liquor retailers. These beers are produced in much smaller quantities than the regular brews. Some examples have been:
Previously Brewed Brews
In addition to beers brewed under the James Squire brand, the brewers at Malt Shovel Brewery also release limited edition beers under their own brand. Recent releases has been:
Previous brews: 
Malt Shovel Brewery has won numerous awards, medals and trophies world wide for their permanent range of products. The most notable awards include:

</doc>
<doc id="14116288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14116288" title="Pelita Nasi Kandar">
Pelita Nasi Kandar

The Pelita Nasi Kandar (Malay: Nasi Kandar Pelita; ) is a famous and the largest Nasi Kandar restaurant chain in Malaysia. Its main headquarters is in Taman Chai Leng, Perai, Penang.
Hotel Palm Inn, Butterworth. Hotel Palm Inn, Bukit Mertajam. Hotel Palm Inn, Ampang Point, The Light Hotel, Seberang Jaya, Sunway hotel,Seberang Jaya.

</doc>
<doc id="14116611" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14116611" title="Bel Group">
Bel Group

The Bel Group (a.k.a. Groupe Bel or Fromageries Bel in French) is a multinational cheese marketer centered in France.
The Bel Group is headquartered at 2 allée de Longchamp in Suresnes (Paris)]. It manufactures and distributes processed and semi-processed cheeses, frequently packaged in individual portions. The company “Établissements Jules Bel” was founded in 1865 in Orgelet in the Department of the Jura.
“The Laughing Cow”, “Babybel”, “Kiri”, “Leerdammer”, “Boursin” are Bel’s five core brands that are distributed on five continents. As of 2015, the Bel Group is established in 33 countries and its products are sold in 130 countries.
The company was founded in 1865 under the name of "Établissements Jules Bel" in Orgelet, by Jules Bel. By 1921, his son Léon Bel registered "The laughing Cow" brand. Eight years later, in 1929, he created its first subsidiary in the UK. By 1933, another subsidiary was established in Belgium.
In 1947, the "Bonbel" brand was launched. Three years later, in 1950, the company acquired "Port Salut", which had been founded in 1816. By 1952, it launched "Babybel". A new subsidiary was established in Germany in 1959. Six years later, in 1965, another subsidiary was established in Spain; it would later become known as Bel España. (Bel Spain). The "Kiri" brand was launched in 1966. Meanwhile, a year later, in 1967, another subsidiary was established in the Netherlands; it would later become known as Bel Nederland (Bel Netherlands). The following year, in 1968, Les Fromageries Picon merged with the company. 
By 1970, a new subsidiary was established in the USA. Two years later, in 1972, it acquired Samos and launched Sylphide. The following year, in 1973, it acquired Crowson in the UK, later to become known as Bel UK. That same year, it also established a subsidiary in Switzerland, later to become known as Bel Suisse (Bel Switzerland). A year later, in 1974, it established a subsidiary in Morocco, later known as SIALIM.
In 1976, it acquired the "Société anonyme des fermiers réunis" (SAFR) and its subsidiaries. By 1977, it acquired an Italian company, later to become known as Bel Cademartori. It also launched "Mini Babybel". A year later, in 1978, it acquired another company in Sweden, later to become known as Bel Sverige (Bel Sweden). By 1989, it acquired the Adler company in Germany, later to become known as Bel Adler (Edelcreme). It then launched the "Mini Bonbel" in 1990. A year later, in 1991, it acquired the Maredsous company in Belgium. Three years later, in 1994, it acquired the Cademartori company in Italy, later to become known as Bel Cademartori in 2001. It also acquired the Queserías Ibéricas company in Spain. By 1996, it acquired the Lacto Ibérica company in Portugal (Limiano, Terra Nostra) and the Kaukauna company in the USA, later known as Bel Kaukauna.
In 1998, it established a subsidiary in Egypt (Bel Egypt) and acquired the Middle East Food Industry, later known as the Bel Egypt Food Company. It also acquired Kraft Chorzele in Poland, later to become known as Bel Polska (Bel Poland). Additionally, it launched "Mini Babybel" in Maasdam. By 2000, it acquired the Zeletavska Syrarna company in the Czech Republic (Zeletava, Apetitto) and the Zempmilk company in Slovakia (Karicka). The following year, in 2001, it established a subsidiary in Algeria, known as Bel Algeria. A year later, in 2002, it acquired the assets of Merkts and Owl’s Nest through its US-based subsidiary, Bel Kaukauna. It also acquired Syrokrem in Slovakia and established subsidiaries in Greece (Bel Hellas Cheese Company) and in Tunisia (Bel Tunisia). Additionally, it terminated the production of soft cheese by the SAFR. It also acquired the Dutch Leerdammer Group and its European subsidiaries based in Germany, France, Italy, the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Czech Republic. It also acquired Fromagerie Boursin from Unilever.
In 2003, it terminated the activities of Manchego through its Queserías Ibéricas subsidiary. Two years later, in 2005, it terminated the activities carried out under the Cademartori brand. Meanwhile, it established subsidiary in Syria, known as Bel Syria. By 2009, it changed its logo. In 2015, it acquired 70% of Safilait, a cheese company in Morocco.
Bel’s Corporate Foundation was created in May 2008 by the Bel group and its reference shareholder, Unibel. The Bel Foundation was created to promote a balanced diet and preserving the environment, as far as it is required for a healthy diet. Rather than support big initiatives, the Foundation supports a number of projects around the world.
Lab’Bel is Bel’s Art Laboratory, inaugurated in the spring of 2010, and sponsored by the Group and its main shareholder, Unibel. Heading up Lab’Bel are artist Laurent Fiévet, a member of the Bel family, and Silvia Guerra, an art critic and exhibit curator.
Since its founding, Bel has supported artists such as illustrators Benjamin Rabier, who designed the Laughing Cow, Francisque Poulbot, known for his iconic drawings of Parisian children, and celebrated animator Paul Grimault.
Bel sponsors a museum dedicated to its legendary cow – La Maison de La vache qui rit (The Laughing Cow Museum), in Lons-le-Saunier – which also houses special events hosted by Lab’Bel.

</doc>
<doc id="14117182" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14117182" title="Fujitsu Consulting India">
Fujitsu Consulting India

Fujitsu in India through its subsidiary Fujitsu Consulting India Pvt Ltd. exploitss the IT Services and Software market in India and also operates Fujitsu’s "delivery center" there.
Fujitsu Consulting India uses a blended-delivery model where its resources work onsite and offshore to deliver projects globally. FCI’s Business Development Group (BDG) is the single point of contact for its global customers and operates in Continental Europe, Nordics, UK & Ireland and APAC. In addition Fujitsu Consulting India also has India & Middle East Sales team that deals with customers in India, Middle East and Africa. Fujitsu Consulting India offer following services to its customers:

</doc>
<doc id="14118293" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14118293" title="Dead Sea Works">
Dead Sea Works

The Dead Sea Works (, "Mif'alei Yam HaMelakh") is an Israeli potash plant in Sdom, on the Dead Sea coast of Israel.
The company was established in 1930 by Moshe Novomeysky. It was known then as the Palestine Potash Company. From 1936, it was a profitable enterprise despite attempts by the German potash cartel to strangle the business by dumping potash at below-cost prices.
In the Israel War of Independence in 1948, the northern half of the production facilities was occupied by the Jordanian Legion, which was destroyed in the ensuing fighting.
In 1951, the company was nationalized by the Israeli government under the Ministry of Development. In 1953, it was renamed the Dead Sea Works.
Dead Sea Works is the world's fourth-largest producer and supplier of potash products. The company also produces magnesium chloride, industrial salts, de-icers, bath salts, table salt, and raw materials for the cosmetic industry. It has customers in over 60 countries. Dead Sea Works is part of the Fertilizers Division of Israel Chemicals Ltd. It is located in the southern basin of the Dead Sea and the extracted chemicals are exported around the world.
Rather than extracting potash and other minerals from the Dead Sea by mining them directly, the company makes use of solar evaporation with 2-meter deep evaporation ponds.
Dead Sea Works has been blamed by conservationists for polluting the environment and contributing to the Dead Sea's slow evaporation.

</doc>
<doc id="14120328" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14120328" title="E-mu Systems">
E-mu Systems

E-MU Systems was a software synthesizer, audio interface, MIDI interface, and MIDI keyboard manufacturer. Founded in 1971 as a synthesizer maker, E-mu was a pioneer in samplers, sample-based drum machines and low-cost digital sampling music workstations.
After its acquisition in 1993, E-mu Systems was a wholly owned subsidiary of Creative Technology, Ltd.
In 1998, E-mu was combined with Ensoniq, another synthesizer and sampler manufacturer previously acquired by Creative Technology.
E-mu was last based in Scotts Valley, California, on the outskirts of Silicon Valley.
E-mu Systems was founded in Santa Cruz, CA by Dave Rossum, a UCSC student and two of his friends from Caltech, Steve Gabriel and Jim Ketcham, with the goal to build their own modular synthesizers. Scott Wedge, who would ultimately become president, joined later that summer. In 1972, E-mu became a company, developing and patenting a digitally scanned polyphonic keyboard (1973), licensed for use by Oberheim Electronics in the 4-Voice and 8-Voice synthesizers and by Dave Smith in the Sequential Circuits Prophet-5. E-mu, along with Solid State Microtechnologies, also developed several synthesizer module IC chips, that were used by both E-mu and many other synthesizer companies.
With the financial benefit of the royalties that came from working with these other synthesizer manufacturers, E-mu designed the Audity, their first non-modular synthesizer, showing it at the 1980 AES Convention. With a price of $69,200 (over $200,000 in 2009 terms when adjusted for inflation), only one machine was ever produced. At that same convention, Wedge and Rossum saw the Fairlight CMI and the Linn LM-1. Recognizing the trend of digital samplers, they realized that E-mu had the technology to bring a lower-priced sampler to market. The Emulator debuted in 1981 at a list price of $7,900, significantly less than the $30,000 Fairlight. Following the Emulator, E-mu released the first programmable drum machine with samples built-in priced below $1,000, the E-mu Drumulator. The Drumulator's success was followed by the Emulator II and III, the SP-12 drum sampler, and the Emax series of samplers.
In 1989, E-mu introduced the Proteus, a rackmount sound module, containing pre-recorded samples in ROM. At its introduction, the Proteus had a relatively large library of high-quality samples priced much lower than the competition. The success of the Proteus spurred the development of several additional versions, including the Proteus XR, an orchestral version, and a world music version. In 1987, E-mu's SP-1200 drum sampler offered an "all-in-one" box for sequencing not only drum sounds, but looping samples, and it quickly became the instrument of choice for hip hop producers.
In 1993, E-mu was acquired by Creative Technology (the Singaporean parent company of Creative Labs) and began working on PC soundcard synthesis. Creative Wave Blaster II and Sound Blaster AWE32 used EMU8000 effect processor. Throughout the 1990s, E-mu made many different sound modules along the lines of the Proteus series. E-mu also made unsuccessful attempts at breaking into the digital multitrack recorder with the Darwin hard-disk recording system. In 1998, E-mu was combined with Ensoniq, another synthesizer and sampler manufacturer previously acquired by Creative Technology.
In 2001 E-mu's sound modules were repackaged in the form of a line of tabletop units, the XL7 and MP7 Command Stations, each featuring 128-voice polyphony, advanced synthesis features, and a versatile multitrack sequencer. A complementary line of keyboard synthesizers was also released using the same technology.
Subsequent products from E-mu were exclusively in software form. In 2004 E-mu released the Emulator X, a PC-based version of its hardware samplers with extended synthesis capabilities. While a PCI card is used for audio input and output, the algorithms no longer run on dedicated hardware but in software on the PC. Proteus X, a software-based sample player, was released in 2005.
During 2003-2007, E-mu designed and published a series of high-fidelity "Digital Audio Systems" (computer sound cards), intended for professional, semi-professional and computer audio enthusiast use. They were released under the name E-MU, however bearing a "Creative Professional" label. The card names are number-coded for the number of physical inputs and outputs: 0404, 1212m, 1616, 1616m, 1820 and 1820m, where 1616 is a CardBus version and the rest for PCI, while "m" denotes extra high-quality analogue outputs and inputs. The 1820m was touted as the series' flagship product until the 1616 and 1616M were released (A PCI version of the 1616/M later followed). All of the cards had drivers for Microsoft Windows 2000 and later versions that were current at time of the respective products' release. (32- and 64-bit). Only a beta version driver was released for Windows 7. Apple Macintosh support appeared to be pending, but may have been affected by Apple's migration towards Intel.
While the core DSP chip (EMU10K2) of the cards is the same one designed by E-MU and used in Creative's Sound Blaster Audigy2 cards (and hence capable of 24-bit 192 kHz PCM sound), official press releases for the E-MU sound cards have emphasized Creative's lack of input on the design, and the in-house development of the cards and drivers — that is, they wanted to distinguish their "own" series from Creative's signature Sound Blasters. Notably, the cards and drivers entirely omit internal 'wavetable' sample-based MIDI synthesis, Creative's proprietary EAX sound routines and basically anything commonly associated with the parent company. Although the cards were rushed into market and originally came bundled with fairly raw drivers (which have subsequently received periodical major improvements and even additions beyond the advertised specifications), they have generally met with rather favourable reviews.

</doc>
<doc id="14120717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14120717" title="Net Educational Systems">
Net Educational Systems

Nessy Learning Ltd is a publisher of educational software who developed the first online learning programme for dyslexics in August, 2000. As of December 2007, ‘The Nessy Learning Programme’ was being used in 1,431 British schools, including every primary school in the English county of Wiltshire and Conwy county borough in north Wales.
Based in Bristol, England, Nessy was founded in 1999 by Mike Jones, primarily to publish the games and resources created at the Bristol Dyslexia Centre, a registered charity. Net Educational Systems Ltd became members of the British Educational Suppliers Association (BESA) in March, 2007. Nessy has won Education Resources Awards for various products in 2009, 2010, 2011.
Nessy has multiple products aimed at children aged 5–16 years, including Nessy Learning Program 4, Nessy Games Player, Nessy Interactive Tales and reading Books and Nessy Fingers Typing Tutor.
In July, 2007, the company published 'Nessy Tales', a series of animated reading books narrated by popular comedian Bill Bailey. The series was nominated for an Educational Resources Award (ERA) in January, 2008. The company won the award the following year for its 'Nessy Fingers Touch Typing' CD.

</doc>
<doc id="14123675" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14123675" title="Campina GmbH">
Campina GmbH

Based in Heilbronn, about 60 km north of Stuttgart, Campina GmbH is a leading German dairy and subsidiary of the Dutch dairy cooperative FrieslandCampina. The company was formed in 1996 after the Stuttgart-based Südmilch AG was renamed.
MVH was founded in July 1924 in the town of Heilbronn. A follow-on company from the local "dairy department", MVH was owned by the town and a cooperative group of dairy buyers and sellers. In 1933 MVH acquired local dairies in the nearby towns of Ilsfeld, Bretzfeld, Neuenstadt am Kocher and Mainhardt. In 1968 a new dairy factory was built in the Neckargartach area of Heilbronn. At the time it was one of the most modern milk processing plants of its kind. Branch dairies were closed down and merged into the one factory.
In 1969, MVH entered into an alliance with the interregional dairy "Interessengemeinschaft Milch (Intermilch)", Stuttgart-based "Württ. Milchverwertung Südmilch AG" (WMV) and "Dauermilchwerk Hohenlohe-Franken GmbH" from Künzelsau, to form the largest milk-processing company in Germany. In 1972 MVH merged with WMV to become Südmilch AG. The company went into receivership in 1993 following a scandal over government subventions and company investments in former East Germany. This resulted in the chairman going into hiding in South America and a takeover by the Dutch dairy cooperative "Campina Melkunie".
Throughout the 1970s and 80s, Südmilch AG operated from a head office in north Stuttgart directly next to the tram stop "Milchhof" (which translates as 'milk yard'). The tram stop still exists to this day but only one of the former buildings still remains.
In 1996 the former "Südmilch AG" company was renamed "Campina AG". There followed a string of mergers with other Campina Melkunie subsidiaries in Germany culminating in the new company "Campina GmbH" in 1999. At this point Campina closed down its head office in Stuttgart to centralise all operations in Heilbronn. In 2002 the company was renamed "Campina GmbH & Co. KG". In 2000 the former cooperative of "Milchwerke Köln-Wuppertal" was merged into the company, along with former factors in Cologne, Wuppertal, Essen, Iserlohn and Lindlar. Other companies, formerly acquired by the mother company in the Netherlands, were merged under Campina in Heilbronn: Emzett, Kutel and Molkerei Strothmann. In September 2007 the company was named Campina GmbH, a German limited liability company.
Campina currently employs around 2200 people in Germany. Its works process around 1.4 billion litres of milk p.a. (""). 
Turnover in 2005: €846 million (Campina worldwide: €3.569 billion).
Since 2005, Campina GmbH has been headed by managing director Michael Feller, reporting into the Dutch Campina unit "Consumer Products Europe" (CPE).
The company came under fire from environmental campaigners in 2005 for sourcing milk from farmers who also grew genetically modified corn. Greenpeace demanded that the company ensures that farmers were not feeding corn to their dairy cows, a move already taken by competitive dairies. Chairman of German watchdog Foodwatch, renewed the attack on Campina in October 2007.
In October 2008 Campina reacted to public criticism by removing genetically modified ingredients from animal feeds used in the production of milk for its Landliebe brand. The company plans to start making "GM-Free" yogurts and desserts in April 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="14123847" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14123847" title="Atwood Oceanics">
Atwood Oceanics

Atwood Oceanics, Inc. is an offshore drilling contractor headquartered in Houston, Texas.
The company was founded in 1968 by John Atwood.
Atwood Oceanics began operation by 1970. In 1972, the company went public.
The company owns and operates 4 ultra-deepwater drillships (including 2 under construction), 2 ultra-deepwater semisubmersibles (can drill in water up to 12,000' deep), 2 deepwater semisubmersibles, and 5 high-specification jackup rigs.
The company provides quarterly online updates on the status of each rig in its fleet.
In fiscal 2015, 5 customers accounted for a total of 63% of revenues: Noble Energy, Royal Dutch Shell, Woodside Petroleum, Chevron Corporation, and Kosmos Energy.
In fiscal 2015, the company derived 76% of its revenue from its 6 deepwater drillships and semisubmersibles.
In fiscal 2015, 71% of the company's revenues were derived outside of the United States. The company derived more of its revenues in Australia than in any other country. 

</doc>
<doc id="14124747" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14124747" title="Lobotomy Software">
Lobotomy Software

Lobotomy Software was an American video game company, best known for their game "PowerSlave" ("Exhumed" in Europe and "A.D. 1999: Pharaoh's Revival" in Japan). They also developed the Sega Saturn ports of "Quake" and "Duke Nukem 3D", both of which were successful.
Lobotomy Software was founded in 1993, when a group of friends working at Nintendo of America left to form their own company, becoming the Creative department of Lobotomy, with the engineering talent coming from Manley & Associates (Manley & Associates was later acquired by Electronic Arts in 1996, renamed Electronic Arts Seattle, and subsequently shut down in 2002). They originally worked out of co-founder Paul Lange's apartment, but soon set up an office in Redmond, Washington. The team began working on various game demos, "Joe Louis Boxing", "Pigball", "Hippie Man", and "Ruins: Return of the Gods", the last of which later became the first-person shooter PC game, "PowerSlave".
"PowerSlave" was similar to "Doom", though it featured an Egyptian theme. The PC version ran on 3D Realms' Build engine (the same game engine that ran the PC version of "Duke Nukem 3D").
"PowerSlave" received enough success to help Lobotomy Software secure a contract to port the game over to the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation. Lobotomy Software originally wanted to port "PowerSlave" from the PC to the Saturn and PlayStation with no changes. However, the weaker hardware of the consoles made this impossible. Instead, Lobotomy Software created their own fully 3D game engine known as SlaveDriver and decided to recreate "PowerSlave" with new level designs for the Saturn and PlayStation; the console versions of "PowerSlave" were a success. A game developed by Lobotomy Software member Ezra Dreisbach, "Death Tank", could be unlocked in the Sega Saturn version of "PowerSlave" after fulfilling specific requirements.
Shortly after "PowerSlave" was released, Sega secured the rights from GT Interactive to publish "Duke Nukem 3D" and "Quake". Sega originally handed the projects to two other developers, but were unhappy with their work. Once the media buzz around "PowerSlave" started to heat up, Sega saw potential in Lobotomy Software and let them work on the two games.
The Sega Saturn ports of "Quake" and "Duke Nukem 3D" both used the SlaveDriver engine and were well received. Lobotomy Software had ported "Quake" to the Sony PlayStation, but could not find a publisher, which exasperated their financial troubles. In the Sega Saturn version of "Duke Nukem 3D", an update/sequel to "Death Tank", "Death Tank Zwei", could be unlocked by fulfilling specific requirements in the game or by having a save game file from "PowerSlave" or "Quake".
In 1998, Lobotomy Software was acquired by the now defunct Crave Entertainment and renamed Lobotomy Studios. The team worked on a Caesar's Palace gambling game for the Nintendo 64, but after a year of development, the game was postponed and eventually cancelled. At that point, Lobotomy Studios was closed and employees were let go or given the option to be relocated to another position at Crave Entertainment. The next title that the team would have worked on was a sequel to "PowerSlave".

</doc>
<doc id="14124984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14124984" title="St. Vincent's Health System">
St. Vincent's Health System

St. Vincent's Health System, based in Birmingham, Alabama, United States is an operator of acute care hospitals located in the Birmingham area and a health ministry of Ascension Health. St. Vincent's Health System is made up of five facilities: St. Vincent's Birmingham, St. Vincent's Blount, St. Vincent's East, St. Vincent's St. Clair, and St. Vincent's One Nineteen. The company employs over 4,700 people throughout its five facilities.
St. Vincent's Hospital (now St. Vincent's Birmingham) was founded in 1898 and is Birmingham's oldest hospital. It was founded by the Daughters of Charity and named after the 17th century Parisian St. Vincent de Paul, who started the Daughters of Charity in 1633. In July 2007, St. Vincent's Hospital merged with Eastern Health System to become St. Vincent's Health System.

</doc>
<doc id="14125059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14125059" title="George Street Co-op">
George Street Co-op

The George Street Co-op is a food cooperative located in New Brunswick, New Jersey. The George Street Co-op runs a retail store at 89 Morris Street, selling foods and select hygiene and household products to the general public and to its membership. The Co-op, as it is known to its members, maintains a focus on offering vegetarian, organic, local food, naturally grown and fair trade products.
The George Street Co-op was formed in 1973 when ten people from the Rutgers Vegetarian Club started a buying club out of a garage near George Street in New Brunswick. A year later, the Co-op moved to a new building on George Street and opened a small retail store.
In May 1988 the George Street Co-op purchased and moved into a new building at 89 Morris Street. At this time, Co-op members debated renaming the organization, but after much consideration it was decided to keep the historic name.
The George Street Co-op is wholly owned by its membership. Twice per year, a Membership Meeting is convened, with the Co-op's Board of Directors and all interested members present, to discuss overall policies and directions. With the Board as its proxy, the membership steers all George Street Co-op policy.
All George Street Co-op members receive a discount on retail items purchased in the Co-op store. In addition, members may choose to do labor in the store, in return for which they receive additional discounts. A member who works 2 hours per month receives an 8% discount, a member who works 8 hours per month receives a 15% discount, and a member who works 24 scheduled in-store hours per month receives a 25% discount. A non-working member receives a 2% discount.
The Board of Directors consists of up to 12 members, elected to three-year terms by vote of the Co-op membership. The Board makes policy and strategy decisions, selects store management, and (subject to approval by membership vote) makes amendments to the Co-op bylaws. The Board meets on the second Monday of each month.
The Board runs a number of standing committees, dedicated to various priorities such as Finance, Membership, Orientation, Outreach, and Products.
A small paid staff performs the daily work at the store, with assistance from those members who volunteer as workers.

</doc>
<doc id="14128566" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14128566" title="Snam">
Snam

Snam S.p.A. () is an Italian natural gas infrastructure company. As of 31 December 2015, it had a market capitalization of €16.97 billion. Snam was originally a subsidiary of Italian energy company Eni. It has since become an independent company, whose largest shareholder is CDP Reti, a holding company controlled by the Italian state. The utility operates in Italy and, through associated companies, in Austria, France and United Kingdom. Snam is one of Europe's main regulated gas companies - leading Italy in gas transport, storage and distribution, while ranking third in regasification. Its main peers, in the regulated gas and electricity sectors in Italy and in Europe, are:
Snam was founded on 30 October 1941 in San Donato Milanese, Lombardy, with the name Societá NAzionale Metanodotti.
On 1 June 2001, it changed its name to Snam Rete Gas. It has been on quoted on the Borsa Italiana since 6 December 2001. On 1 January 2012, it was renamed with the original name of Snam.
Snam has following subsidiaries:
Appointed by the Shareholders’Meeting on April 2016 
Snam's approach to sustainability is based on Shared Value, a concept elaborated by Michael E. Porter in collaboration with Mark R. Kramer that explores the link between a company and its environment and their mutual interdependence. In order to create Shared Value, Snam promotes sustainable development along its entire transport, dispatchment, regasification, storage and distribution process.
In 2009 the company joined the United Nations Global Compact and since 2006 has published a sustainability report in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative's guidelines. Moreover, Snam operates within the reference framework of the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Fundamental Conventions of the ILO and the OECD Guidelines on Multinational Enterprises.
Its commitment towards the environment focuses on the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and safeguarding biodiversity. Among its social initiatives, Snam partners with Legambiente and Federparchi and, in 2012, joined the Sodalitas Foundation, which seeks to build bridges between the entrepreneurial world in Italy and the non-profit sector.

</doc>
<doc id="14130702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14130702" title="The Pizza Company">
The Pizza Company

The Pizza Company () is a restaurant chain and international franchise based in Bangkok, Thailand. With focus on pizza and Italian-American cuisine, it is a wholly owned subsidiary of "Minor International" (was merged with "The Minor Food Group").
Established in 1980, the company had operated Tricon Global Restaurants’ franchised Pizza Hut brand since its introduction in Thailand, and when their agreement was terminated, The Pizza Company was established as the company's own brand in 2001.
In 2004, The Pizza Company began to expand and franchise internationally and today the restaurant has franchises in Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Laos, China and Bahrain., Cambodia. There is also at least one location in Vietnam, on Cau Giay street in Hanoi.
Now, The Pizza Company is the largest pizza fast food restaurant chain in Thailand, with Pizza Hut second.

</doc>
<doc id="14133759" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14133759" title="C3 Presents">
C3 Presents

C3 Presents is a concert promotion, event production and artist management company based out of Austin, Texas. C3 was founded by Charles Attal, Charlie Jones and Charlie Walker in 2007, and, as of December 2014, is part of the Live Nation concert and tour brand.
After the "New York Times" announced "advanced talks" between Live Nation and C3 Presents in early October 2014, the purchase of a 51-per cent stake in the Austin company was confirmed on 22 December of the same year. Described at the time of the acquisition as "the largest independent concerts company in its space", C3 reported revenue to the value of US$124 million in 2013 and was targeted by Live Nation for its festival portfolio. The C3 founders told reporters that they were "excited" by the development, but made no mention of the Big Day Out festival.
Annually, C3 Presents produces the Austin City Limits Music Festival and Austin Food & Wine Festival in Austin, Texas; Lollapalooza in Chicago, Illinois; Big Day Out in Australia; and Orion Music + More in Atlantic City, New Jersey. C3 also books and promotes over 1,000 shows nationwide, including Austin venues Stubb's BBQ, Emo's and La Zona Rosa. 
C3 was involved with the team of Barack Obama after he was elected as the U.S. president in 2008. The company first worked with Obama during his presidential campaign and oversaw a number of outdoor rallies in Texas. C3 then produced Obama's election-night rally at Grant Park in Chicago, Illinois, in November 2008,
as well as the parade and inaugural balls. The inauguration and parade, as well as the swearing-in ceremony, was managed by C3 at the National Mall, while the balls included: Kids Inaugural, Live Earth Green Inaugural Ball, "Huffington Post" Pre-Inaugural Ball, Feeding America and RIAA Inauguration Charity Ball, and MoveOn.org’s Manifest Hope Inaugural Party. The numerous performers at the inaugural balls included Miley Cyrus, Melissa Etheridge, John Legend, Herbie Hancock, Rihanna and Santigold. 
The company then produced the televised "" event in Washington, D.C., held in January 2009. The celebration at Lincoln Memorial was especially notable, as it featured performances from Sheryl Crow, Bruce Springsteen, Stevie Wonder, will.i.am, Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Kanye West, James Taylor and Pete Seeger. Televised on the HBO cable channel, the special garnered 4.1 million viewers on television and 700,000 viewers online. After the concert, Jones, Attal and Walker met the Obama family and presented them with a guitar that had been signed by all of the artists who performed on the day.
C3 Presents is the third largest concert promoter in the United States, behind Live Nation and AEG Live. First in 2007, and again in 2010, 2011 and 2012 C3 was awarded Top Independent Promoter from Billboard.
In addition to promotion and production, C3 Presents also has an artist management division operating in both New York City and Austin, Texas. C3 Management has a current roster of over 30 musicians. 

</doc>
<doc id="14137797" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14137797" title="Equinox Fitness">
Equinox Fitness

Equinox Fitness is an American luxury fitness company which operates several separate fitness brands: Equinox Fitness, PURE Yoga, Blink Fitness, and SoulCycle. Within Equinox's portfolio of brands, there are more than 135 locations within every major city across the country in addition to London and Toronto. Its national headquarters is in New York City. Equinox is a subsidiary of The Related Companies, one of the largest real estate development and property management companies in the United States.
The first Equinox Fitness location opened in Manhattan's Upper West Side on September 23, 1991. In 2006, Related Companies purchased the Equinox Fitness from North Castle Partners and J.W. Childs Associates. The original owner was the Errico family. In 2008, Equinox brought Pure Yoga to the United States from Hong Kong, which it operates separately. The two brands do not cross promote each other.
In early 2016, the company got mixed reviews for images used in their latest advertising campaign.

</doc>
<doc id="14137809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14137809" title="SirsiDynix">
SirsiDynix

SirsiDynix is a United States company which produces software and associated services for libraries.
SirsiDynix was formed by the merger of the Dynix Corporation and the Sirsi Corporation in June 2005. The company is based in Lehi, Utah, and employs approximately 400 in offices worldwide. It was bought out by Vista Equity Partners in December 2006, a private equity firm based in San Francisco, CA. Bill Davison was named SirsiDynix CEO in October 2011.
In January 2015 ICV Partners announced their acquisition of SirsiDynix from Vista Equity Partners.
The Sirsi Corporation was founded in Huntsville, Alabama in 1979 by Mike Murdock, Jacky Young, and Jim Young. The Unicorn library automation system they developed was first installed at Georgia Tech. Sirsi acquired Data Research Associates (DRA) for $51.5 million in 2001. The main product inherited from Sirsi is the Unicorn integrated library system (ILS).
The Dynix Corporation was founded in 1983. Their major product was the Dynix Automated Library System.
In January 1992, Dynix Systems was acquired by Ameritech. Dynix and NOTIS Systems (maker of NOTIS), which Ameritech purchased in October 1991, were consolidated into Ameritech Library Services (ALS) in 1994.
In November 1999, Ameritech sold Ameritech Library Systems to a pair of investment companies, the 21st Century Group and Green Leaf Ridge Company, which rebranded ALS as epixtech. In 2003, epixtech reverted to using the Dynix name.
The ILS serves libraries in various functions: cataloging, circulation, acquisitions, reserves, outreach, etc. SirsiDynix currently supports the SirsiDynix Symphony ILS and the Horizon ILS.
SirsiDynix announced the BLUEcloud LSP (BCS) library services platform at their annual COSUGI users' group conference. It is a browser-based system that will integrate SirsiDynix's "administration, discovery, acquisition, and collection management applications." It can be accessed from a desktop, laptop, tablet or smart phone. BCS can integrate with both SaaS and locally hosted Horizon and Symphony systems. The BLUEcloud LSP is made up of three major components: BLUEcloud Staff, BLUEcloud Marketplace, and BLUEcloud Discovery. The first features are expected to be released by summer 2013.
SirsiDynix will offer BCS to their customer base without forcing a data migration. The initial release will require the latest version of the ILS, but customers will then be allowed to lag behind by a version. The goal of this project was to streamline the user experience rather than changing administration interfaces for each product. This approach will stop the duplication of data and will integrate all searches across products. The majority of the new features of BCS will be included in the annual maintenance fee.
Other products include Director's Station and Web Reporter
Previous products include Unicorn, Dialcat and SchoolRooms.
SirsiDynix and Stanford university libraries worked together for over a year to upgrade Stanford's library environment to support Asian and other multi-byte character sets. SirsiDynix has also partnered with 3M to provide radio-frequency identification systems for libraries.
On October 29, 2009, the WikiLeaks Project obtained a document from SirsiDynix taking a negative view of open source projects as compared to proprietary products, including risks of instability and insecurity. The document, which its author, Stephen Abram, claimed was not intended to be secret, set off a debate on open source within the library technology community.
In May 2010, the company performed an upgrade of its systems at the Ottawa Public Library, involving a scheduled two-day closure of all library branches, accompanied by an 11-day shutdown of online systems. However, the actual upgrade required closure of the library system for an additional two days. Jan Harder, chair of Ottawa's library board, stated an intention to seek compensation from SirsiDynix for the unexpected additional upgrade work.

</doc>
<doc id="14140076" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14140076" title="SEPU">
SEPU

Sociedad Española de Precios Únicos, S.A. (SEPU) was Spain's first department store. SEPU was founded in Barcelona 9 January 1934, by Swiss citizens of Jewish origins, Henry Reisembach and Edouard Worms; it later opened branches in Madrid and Zaragoza. Their slogan was "Quien calcula compra en SEPU" ("Who calculates buys at SEPU"). 
During the Second Spanish Republic, SEPU was attacked by the Falangist newspaper "Arriba", and its premises were physically attacked by Falangists and their sympathizers. 
SEPU was purchased in 2000 by Australian retailer Rodd Partridge; it was a failing company at the time. The company closed in 2002 because of previous management's massive undisclosed accumulated tax debts. These could not be negotiated, and the company was forced to close.
The popular SEPU stores were full of customers for the closing-down sale, police had to erect baracades to control the crowds. 

</doc>
<doc id="14141082" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14141082" title="Belmond (company)">
Belmond (company)

Belmond Ltd is a hotel and leisure company that operates high end hotels, train services and river cruises around the world. In 2015 it had 35 deluxe hotels, 7 tourist trains, 3 river cruises and restaurants in 22 countries. The company was formerly known as Orient-Express Hotels Ltd. On 10 March 2014 the global collection of businesses was renamed Belmond and on 1 July the parent company itself was renamed Belmond Ltd.
The company was founded in 1976 with the acquisition of Hotel Cipriani in Venice. The company derived its original name from the Orient Express. It operates the Venice Simplon-Orient-Express which operates overnight service between London and Venice. It also operates other trains including the Belmond Royal Scotsman train service and has a 50 percent interest in PeruRail.
It operates two river cruisers on the Irrawaddy River in Central Burma (Myanmar) and Belmond Afloat in France (five canal and river barges).
Among the European hotels it owns is Belmond Hotel Cipriani in Venice and Belmond Reid's Palace in Madeira. It also owns and operates the Belmond Mount Nelson Hotel in Cape Town and Belmond Copacabana Palace in Rio de Janeiro.
Products owned or managed by Belmond Ltd. include:

</doc>
<doc id="14146107" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14146107" title="Michigan-Peninsular Car Company">
Michigan-Peninsular Car Company

The Michigan-Peninsular Car Company was a railroad rolling stock manufacturing company formed from the merger of five manufacturing companies in 1892. It was Detroit's largest manufacturer before the rise of the automotive industry.
In 1899, it merged with a dozen other railroad car manufacturing firms to form American Car and Foundry Company (ACF).
Michigan-Peninsular Car Company was formed from the merger of Michigan Car Company, Peninsular Car Company, Detroit Car Wheel Company, Michigan Forge and Iron Company and Detroit Pipe and Foundry Company, with Russell A. Alger appointed as the first president of the consolidated company. The combined company could build over 100 new freight cars per day. It was financed and controlled by a syndicate led by James A. McMillan.
The Panic of 1893 directly affected Michigan-Peninsular as orders for new cars evaporated, the plant was completely closed for five months. The next three years and the further financial difficulties of 1897 also negatively affected Michigan-Peninsular such that the company was considering reducing the amount of capital stock available. One report in the "New York Times" claims that Michigan-Peninsular had issued $3,000,000 in common stock and $5,000,000 in preferred stock and that during this time Col. Frank J. Hecker and Charles L. Freer gained a controlling interest in the company.
In 1899, Michigan-Peninsular was one of 13 companies merged to form ACF, with Michigan-Peninsular's plant becoming ACF's Detroit Plant. In 1902, the Detroit Plant became the first of ACF's facilities to move a car under construction on its own trucks between stationary workstations.

</doc>
<doc id="14148126" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14148126" title="Interbanca">
Interbanca

Interbanca S.p.A. is an Italian merchant bank that specializes in lending and financing transactions for medium-sized firms. Its headquarters are in Milan and it has 10 branches in major cities throughout Italy.
Following a series of acquisitions in the Italian banking industry, Interbanca became a subsidiary of Santander Group. In March 2008, the bank was purchased by GE Commercial Finance. It was sold to Banca IFIS in November 2016, as part of a strategy by GE to reduce its financial services division.
In May 2015, GE appointed Deutsche Bank to sell the bank, then had a net assets of over .
In 2016 Banca IFIS acquired Interbanca for €160 million, with an obligation to repay the inter-company debt, totalling €2.1 billion, to GE.

</doc>
<doc id="14151698" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14151698" title="ASIX">
ASIX

ASIX Electronics Corp. (Traditional Chinese: 亞信電子股份有限公司) is a fabless semiconductor supplier with a focus on networking, communication, and connectivity applications. ASIX Electronics specializes in network connectivity solutions and provides Ethernet-centric silicon products such as non-PCI Ethernet controller, USB 2.0 to LAN controller, and network SoC for embedded networking applications.
ASIX was founded in May 1995 in Hsinchu Science Park, Taiwan. In 2002, ASIX announced its first USB to MII chip. In June 2007, Electronicstalk.com featured the AX11005BF, billed as the industry smallest single-chip embedded Ethernet MCU. Electronicstalk.com describes powering embedded systems in a machine to machine world (M2M) in reference to the AX110xx family of chips.
The current offerings are as follows:
ASIX manufactures the chipset in the Wii LAN Adapter. The Wii is equipped with Wi-Fi but does not include an Ethernet port; gamers can purchase a Wii LAN Adapter sold by Nintendo and other manufacturers to give Ethernet capability to the Wii.

</doc>
<doc id="14155207" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14155207" title="Neowiz">
Neowiz

Neowiz Holdings Corporation or simply Neowiz (stylized NEOWIZ) is a South Korean Internet and video game corporation founded in 1997. It is a leading company in the fields of internet and information technology in South Korea.
Neowiz has two major subsidiaries: 

</doc>
