<doc id="14155433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14155433" title="Calvin Klein">
Calvin Klein

Calvin Klein Inc. is an American fashion house founded by the fashion designer Calvin Klein. The company is headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City and is currently owned by PVH.
In 1968, Klein founded Calvin Klein Limited, a coat shop in the York Hotel in New York City, with $10,000. The first Calvin Klein collection was a line of "youthful, understated coats and dresses" featured at the New York City store Bonwit Teller.
In September 1969, Klein appeared on the cover of "Vogue" magazine.
By 1971, Klein had added sportswear, classic blazers, and lingerie to his women's collection.
In 1973, he received his first Coty American Fashion Critics' Award for his 74-piece womenswear collection - the youngest recipient at that time. Klein won the award again in 1974 and 1975. By 1977, annual revenues had increased to $30 million (equivalent to $ million in 2017), and Klein had licenses for scarves, shoes, belts, furs, sunglasses, and sheets. Klein and Schwartz were making $4 million each. After the company signed licenses for cosmetics, jeans, and menswear, Klein's annual retail volume was estimated at $100 million (equivalent to $ million in 2017). In 1978, Klein claimed sales of 200,000 pairs of his famous jeans the first week they were on the market. By 1981, "Fortune" figured Klein's annual income at $8.5 million a year. In the mid-1970s, he had created a designer-jeans craze by putting his name on the back pocket. Klein's design assistant at the time, Jeffrey Banks, has claimed credit for the logo garments, stating that he had the logo from a press folder silkscreened onto the sleeve of a brown T-shirt as a present for Klein. The gift was assumed by Schwartz to be part of the upcoming line, and similar logo shirts formed the uniform for the front-of-house staff at Klein's next catwalk show, leading to buyer demand.
In the late 1970s, the company also made attempts to set up its own fragrance and cosmetics lines, but soon withdrew from the market with big financial losses. In the 1980s, as the designer-jeans frenzy reached its all-time high, Calvin Klein introduced a highly successful line of boxer shorts for women and a men's underwear collection which would later gross $70 million in a single year. Calvin Klein's underwear business, promoted later in the 1990s with giant billboards showing images of pop singer Mark "Marky Mark" Wahlberg, became so successful that his underpants became generally known as "Calvins".
In the early 1980s, Klein changed the American market of men's underwear—one where most men's underwear was white, purchased in packs of three by a "wife, mother or girlfriend when they needed to be" to one where "the American male to care about the brand of something few ever see".
The stunning growth continued through the early eighties. The licensing program, which brought in $24,000 when it was initiated in 1974 (), had royalty income of $7.3 million ten years later (equivalent to $ million in 2017). That year, worldwide retail sales were estimated at more than $600 million (equivalent to $ million in 2017). Klein's clothes were sold through 12,000 stores in the United States and were available in six other countries through licensing deals, namely Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand, and Japan. His annual income passed $12 million (equivalent to $ million in 2017).
Financial problems, increased pressure from all sides, disagreements with the licensee of the menswear line and its disappointing sales as well as an enormous employee turnover both within Calvin Klein and its licensing partners led to the first rumors that Calvin Klein Industries, as the company had been known by then, was up for sale. And indeed, in late 1987, it was said that the sale of the company to Triangle Industries, a container manufacturer, had only failed because of the crashing stock market.
Although the company almost faced bankruptcy in 1992, Calvin Klein managed to regain and increase the profitability of his empire throughout the later 1990s, mainly through the success of its highly popular underwear and fragrance lines, as well as the ck sportswear line. During his 1990-1995 stint as Calvin Klein's head of menswear design, John Varvatos pioneered a type of men's underwear called boxer briefs, a hybrid of boxer shorts and briefs. Made famous by a series of 1992 print ads featuring Mark "Marky Mark" Wahlberg, they have been called "one of the greatest apparel revolutions of the century." Klein was named "America's Best Designer" for his minimalist all-American designs in 1993, and it came as a surprise in 1999 when it was announced that CKI was again up for sale. Planning to expand its business, the company had been approached by two luxury goods companies, LVMH and Pinault Printemps Redoute, to join Calvin Klein, but nothing resulted. Other potentials like Tommy Hilfiger Corp. and Italy's Holding di Partecipazioni proved to be similar disappointments because of CKI's steep price tag of supposedly $1 billion. After seven months and no potential buyer, Klein announced that his empire was not on the market anymore. The company would never manage to go public, which had supposedly been Klein's plan once.
In mid-December 2002, Calvin Klein Inc. (CKI) was sold to Phillips Van Heusen Corp (PVH), whose then CEO Bruce Klatsky was the driving force behind the deal, for about $400 million in cash, $30 million in stock as well as licensing rights and royalties linked to revenues over the following 15 years that were estimated at $200 to $300 million. The sale also included an ongoing personal financial incentive for Klein based on future sales of the Calvin Klein brand.
PVH outbid VF Corp., the maker of Lee and Wrangler jeans, which had also been interested in the jeans, underwear and swimwear business of CK that had been controlled by Warnaco Group, maker of Speedo swimwear in the US, since 1997. The deal with PVH did not include these businesses, and they remained with Warnaco. Unable to pay debts from acquisitions and licensing agreements and due to bad publicity by a later dismissed lawsuit with Calvin Klein over selling license products to retailers other than agreed upon with Calvin Klein, Warnaco had filed for chapter 11 protection in mid-2001 but eventually emerged from bankruptcy in February 2003.
The transaction between Calvin Klein and PVH was financially supported by Apax Partners Inc., a New York private equity firm, which is said to have made a $250 million equity investment in PVH convertible preferred stock, as well as a $125 million, two-year secured note, all in exchange for seats on the board of PVH.
CKI thus became a wholly owned subsidiary of PVH. In the beginning, Klein himself, who was included as a person in the 15-year contract he had signed with PVH, remained creative head of the collections but then continued as an advisor (consulting creative director) to the new company from 2003 on and has since been more withdrawn from the business. Barry K. Schwartz was said to concentrate on his role as chairman of the New York Racing Association, a horse-racing club. The current President and COO of the CKI division within PVH is Tom Murry, who had filled this position already before the acquisition.
With the fall 2006 Collection runway presentations in New York City, CKI inaugurated an show room space that can seat up to 600 people on the ground floor of 205 West 39th Street, in Times Square South where Calvin Klein has been headquartered since 1978.
In a 2010 report, PVH, who manages the ready-to-wear activities, had estimated sales of €4.6 billion of Calvin Klein products.
In Feb 2013 Warnaco Group was acquired by PVH which united Calvin Klein formal, underwear, jeans and sportswear lines.
The most visible brand names in the Calvin Klein portfolio include:
For details, see Current brands and licenses.
Calvin Klein has various lines of perfumes and colognes, including Obsession and Eternity. Until May 2005, their perfumes and the corresponding fragrance lines were maintained by Calvin Klein Cosmetics Company (CKCC), a Unilever company. Cosmetics giant Coty, Inc. of New York bought the fragrance licensing agreements from Unilever.
The early ads were shot by Bruce Weber and Richard Avedon. One of his male underwear models, Mark Wahlberg, went on to fame as hip hop star "Marky Mark", launching himself into the Hollywood scene to become a current actor. Another Hollywood star first appearing in Calvin Klein advertisements is Antonio Sabato Jr.. Calvin Klein employed Kate Moss at the start of her career in the early 1990s and in 2002 after allegations of cocaine use. Other models who have appeared in advertisements early in their careers are Natalia Vodianova, Scott King and Toni Garrn. Currently Calvin Klein uses Tyson Ballou and Lara Stone, and in the past has also used Christy Turlington, Jerry Hall, Patti Hansen, Tom Hintnaus, David Agbodji, Travis Fimmel, Doutzen Kroes, Mini Anden, Garrett Neff, Sean O'Pry, Edita Vilkeviciute, Jamie Dornan, Liu Wen, Edward Furlong and Vladimir Ivanov. Fit Models include Dale Noelle. Actors such as Eva Mendes, Mehcad Brooks, Scarlett Johansson, Kellan Lutz, Andie MacDowell, Alexander Skarsgard, Zoe Saldana, Rita Ora, Rooney Mara and Diane Kruger have also been chosen to model for the brand. Swedish footballer Freddie Ljungberg starred in a series of adverts for the company. Recently, singer Justin Bieber appeared in advertising for Calvin Klein's underwear range, as did fashion model Kendall Jenner.
They also have experimented with emerging technologies. When advertising cKone perfume in 1999, they placed e-mail addresses in print advertisements, targeted at teenagers. When these teens mailed these addresses, they would be placed on a mailing list that sent them mails with vague details about the models' lives, with fake details meant to make them more relatable. These mails came at unpredictable intervals, and were supposed to give readers the feeling that they had some connection with these characters. Though the mailing lists were discontinued in 2002, the campaign has inspired similar marketing tactics for movies and other retail products.
Like other fashion brands, Calvin Klein established a monogram: the "cK" emblem.
As of 2012, the top three licensees were:
In 2004, the company bought the domain name CK.com. Calvin Klein is one of the few corporations worldwide to own a two letter domain name.
The current creative director for Calvin Klein Collection for women is Brazilian-born Francisco Costa who had already worked with Klein directly before the founder's departure from the company. Costa had taken over the job in 2003.
Italo Zucchelli, a former Jil Sander and Romeo Gigli designer, had collaborated with Calvin Klein for six seasons before he became head designer of the Calvin Klein Collection menswear line in spring 2004.
Kevin Carrigan, an Englishman, is the creative director of the ck Calvin Klein and Calvin Klein (white label) brands and their related licensed products. Carrigan has been with Calvin Klein since 1998.
In the late 1990s the company opened elegant Calvin Klein Collection stores in Paris, Seoul, and Taipei and ultra high-end cK Calvin Klein stores in Hong Kong, Milan and Kuwait City. As of today, there is only one Calvin Klein Collection store operated by CKI. It is located in New York City. Out of the two Calvin Klein Collection stores that existed in the US, the Dallas location in Highland Park Village which had been open for 20 years was closed in mid-2005. The only international location, in Paris, was closed by PVH in March 2006. The New York store, which serves as the company's flagship store at 654 Madison Ave., remains open still today. Partners maintain Calvin Klein Collection stores in Hong Kong, Shanghai, Mumbai, Seoul, Singapore, Kuala Lumpur, Bangkok, Dubai and Qatar.
Specialty retail Calvin Klein stores, designed by New York architecture firm Lynch/Eisinger/Design have been opened at Lenox Square in Atlanta, Beverly Center in Los Angeles; now closed down, Cherry Creek Mall in Denver; now closed down, Natick Collection in Natick, MA; closing down on July 25, 2010, The Mall at Partridge Creek in Michigan; now closed down, Aventura Mall in Aventura, Florida, South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa California. An additional eight stores also designed by Lynch/Eisinger/Design are set to open in 2008. There are also several Calvin Klein Outlet stores, mostly located within factory outlet malls in the US, that sell the white label sportswear and sometimes the Calvin Klein white label at reduced prices but do not carry the Collection lines. It has been reported that Calvin Klein will close all White Label locations within the next year.
Calvin Klein Jeans stores exist around the globe. Among many other countries in the UK, Germany, Greece, Russia, Brazil, México, Croatia, Egypt, Chile, Argentina, India, the Philippines, Australia and New Zealand. They also offer franchisee and opened in Cali last year.
Signature Calvin Klein Underwear boutiques can be found in Buenos Aires, Cardiff (as of April 2011), Mexico City, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Melbourne, Hong Kong, London, Manchester, Manila, New York City, Shanghai, Singapore, Frankfurt am Main, Munich, Toronto and Hatfield, Metropolis at Metrotown in Burnaby, B.C. (Metro Vancouver).
The major department stores in the US, including Macy's, Lord & Taylor and Nordstrom, as well as many small independent stores carry the ck, white label and/or Jeans collections. Some high-end department stores, such as Bergdorf Goodman, Saks Fifth Avenue and Neiman Marcus also carry the Calvin Klein Collection. Notable retailers in the UK offering Calvin Klein include stores such as John Lewis, Debenhams and KJ Beckett. In Australia the dominant retailer is Myer. Calvin Klein products are also found online with particular internet focus on selling Calvin Klein underwear and fragrance.
In Europe, Calvin Klein is predominantly known for its underwear, accessories and perhaps the Collection business, rather than for the medium-priced sportswear lines which are available at select high-end retail stores. In Asia, there are also signature ck Calvin Klein stores that carry diffusion line, aka grey label including womenswear, menswear, accessories.
In 1980, Richard Avedon photographed and directed the Calvin Klein Jeans campaign that featured a fifteen-year-old Brooke Shields. Some of those television commercials were banned, including the infamous ad where Brooke asks "Do you want to know what comes between me and my Calvins? Nothing!"
The 1995 adverts promoting Calvin Klein jeans received criticism for being "kiddie porn".
In August 2012, Lululemon Athletica filed suit against Calvin Klein and supplier G-III Apparel Group for infringement of three Lululemon design patents for yoga pants. The lawsuit was somewhat unusual as it involved a designer seeking to assert Intellectual Property protection in clothing through patent rights. On November 20, 2012, Lululemon filed a notice of voluntary dismissal in the Delaware courts based upon a private settlement agreement reached between the parties that would dismiss the suit. According to a Lululemon press release, "Lululemon values its products and related IP rights and takes the necessary steps to protect its assets when we see attempts to mirror our products.”
However, according to Chevalier's brand book Luxury Brand Management, Klein "is seldom involved in the design and the development of products bearing his name" and "all activities are subcontracted to licensees."
In 2014, Klein was criticized for the designation of Myla Dalbesio in its "Perfectly Fit" advertising campaign as a "plus-size" model, despite not using the term itself.

</doc>
<doc id="14156660" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14156660" title="Silver Diner">
Silver Diner

Silver Diner is an American restaurant chain with locations in the eastern United States (Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey). Its corporate headquarters are in Rockville, Maryland.
In 1989, Robert Giaimo and Ype Von Hengst opened the original Silver Diner in Rockville, Maryland. This original location has annual sales of $6 million and remains one of the busiest restaurants of its size in the United States. Silver Diner Development, Inc. operates 14 restaurants in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States with locations in New Jersey, Maryland, and Virginia, and employs more than 1,100 people.
In 2007, Silver Diner established its first airport location with the opening of its sixteenth restaurant in the AirMall at Baltimore/Washington International Thurgood Marshall Airport (BWI).

</doc>
<doc id="14156678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14156678" title="Nankang Rubber Tire">
Nankang Rubber Tire

Nankang Rubber Tire Corp., Ltd.( in Chinese language) manufactures automobile tires and other synthetic rubber products. The company's products include locomotive tires, and tires for light trucks, sedan cars, sport utility vehicles and snowfield-use vehicles. During the year ended December 31, 2006, the company obtained approximately 99% of its total revenue from the automobile tires business. In 2006, the company obtained approximately 35% and 32% of its total revenue from the Americas and Europe, respectively.
Nankang Rubber Tire Corporation Ltd is the longest established tire manufacturer in Taiwan, having been started in 1940 by a group of engineers. Based originally upon the principals of Japanese manufacturing technologies, the company has grown substantially. Its two Taiwanese plants (Nankang and Hsinfung) continue to manufacture the bulk of Nankang's product. September 2003 marked the commencement of production at Nankang's Jiangsu facility in mainland China. This expansion ensures economies of scale for the future development of Nankang's product range.
The corporation has Ford Motor Company's Q1 Certification and in 1994 obtained ISO-9001 certification.
It manufactures tires for brands such as Geostar, Milestar, and Provato.
Today, Nankang tires are exported from Taiwan to over 100 markets worldwide. Tires are supplied to more than 300 distributors throughout Europe, North America, Central and South America, Asia, Africa, the Middle East and Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="14156705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14156705" title="Emfesz">
Emfesz

Emfesz is a natural gas distributor in Hungary with an annual quantity of 2.3 billion m from the national 14 - 15 billion m thus resulting a 20% market share. It reported $779 million in turnover for 2006.
Emfesz is 100% owned by Group DF, the holding company for Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash.
Emfesz has a contract with gas trader RosUkrEnergo, 45% of which is owned by Firtash, for natural gas deliveries from Turkmenistan. Beginning in late 2005, some of that gas is then resold by Emfesz to Poland.
In November 2007, the company announced that it will borrow US$ 2 billion for the construction of a natural gas-fired power plant of 2,400 MW in Hungary. In May 2008, the company announced that constructing of the power plant starts in 2009. The purchase of the plant's field from farmers have recently started. There will be three 800 MW powered turbines, and will be Hungary's largest power plant by 2013. The first turbine will be in operation by 2011. The power plant will take place in Nyírtass, 2,000-dwellers located town next to the Ukrainian border. The construction gives job for 3,000 people.
A former high voltage line help to place the power plant there, because since the 1970s Ukraine was a large electricity supplier of Hungary through the Albertirsa-Zahidnoukrainska 750 kV transmission line. This line helps to transmission this large amount of energy to central Hungary, to Budapest and to other large towns.

</doc>
<doc id="14158292" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14158292" title="Electric Dreams Software">
Electric Dreams Software

Electric Dreams Software was a video game publisher established in 1985 by former managing director of Quicksilva, Rod Cousens and former Software Manager of Quicksilva, Paul Cooper. The company published video games for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC between 1985 and 1989, becoming one of the top eight UK software houses of that decade.
The publisher's in-house video game developer was Software Studios, set up in April 1986 and run by John Dean and Dave Cummings. Software Studios also handled Activision's products marketed in countries outside the United States. The concept behind this team was to pool resources and ideas between all Electric Dreams projects, but they were also directly responsible for two film tie-in licenses, "Aliens: The Computer Game" (1986) and "Big Trouble in Little China".
Other software titles were chosen for release by Paul Cooper, also formerly of Quicksilva. The company's initial releases were "Riddler's Den" and "I, Of the Mask".
Electric Dreams Software's logo design is nearly identical to the logo for Disney's Captain EO.

</doc>
<doc id="14158351" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14158351" title="University of Tehran Press">
University of Tehran Press

University of Tehran Press is a publishing house and a department of the University of Tehran in Iran founded in 1957. It is the largest university press in the Middle East. 
The press has published more than 5,000 titles, and is currently publishing an average of one book per day.

</doc>
<doc id="14158594" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14158594" title="LG Chem">
LG Chem

LG Chem Ltd. (Korean: LG화학), often referred to as LG Chemical, is the largest Korean chemical company and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. According to Chemical and Engineering News, it was the 13th largest chemical company in the world by sales in 2014. It was first established as the Lucky Chemical Industrial Corporation, which manufactured cosmetics. It is now solely a business-to-business company.
In order to create a holding company, the "old" LG Chem (the legal predecessor of LG Corp) was split off, creating the "new" LG Chem and LG Care. The "old" LG Chem changed its name to LG CI l. After its merger with LG EI (the legal successor of Goldstar) in 2003, it changed its name to LG Corp.
The company has eight factories in South Korea and a network of 29 business locations in 15 countries. This network includes a holding company in China, 14 overseas manufacturing subsidiaries, five marketing subsidiaries, seven representative offices, and two R&D centers. LG Chem has three main business areas:
LG Chem is a supplier of petrochemicals ranging from basic distillates to specialty polymers. For example, it is a large producer of common plastics such as acrylonitrile butadiene styrene (ABS), styrene-acrylonitrile resin (SAN), and polyvinyl chloride (PVC). It also produces raw materials and liquids, including plasticizers, specialty additives, alcohols, polyolefins, acrylic acid, synthetic rubber, styrenics, performance polymers, engineering plastics, elastomers, conductive resins, and other chemicals.
LG Chem supplies display and optical films, printed circuit materials, and toners. It also supplies LCD polarizers, which are multi-layer sheets of film applied to the top and bottom surfaces of TFT-LCD panels to transmit the light from the backlight unit through the panel, and 3D FPR (film-type patterned retarder) film, which enables three-dimensional viewing.
LG Chem completed development and began mass production of Korea’s first lithium-ion batteries back in 1999. At the end of 2011, LG Chem was the world’s third-largest maker with an annual production capacity of 1,000 million cells. It is also a supplier of automotive battery for electric vehicles, such as the Ford Focus, Chevrolet Volt and Renault ZOE.
LG Chem Michigan is a wholly owned subsidiary of LG Chem based in Holland, Michigan which operates a plant to manufacture advanced battery cells for electric vehicles in Holland, Michigan. The million Holland plant received 50% of its funding from U.S. Department of Energy matching stimulus funds, and started manufacturing battery systems in 2013. The plant can produce enough cells per year to build between 50,000 and 200,000 battery packs for electric cars and hybrids such as the Chevrolet Volt by General Motors, the Ford Focus Electric, and upcoming plug-in electric vehicles from other carmakers. Its research and development arm, called LG Chem Power, is based in nearby Troy, Michigan. LG Chem Power and LG Chem Michigan were originally one company called "Compact Power, Inc."
Both the Chevrolet Volt and the Ford Focus Electric initially used cells manufactured in Korea by parent LG Chem and then later switched to cells produced in LG Chem Michigan's Holland plant once it opened.

</doc>
<doc id="14161041" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14161041" title="Index Ventures">
Index Ventures

Index Ventures is a Europe- and San Francisco-based global venture capital firm, focused on making investments in information technology and life sciences companies. Since its founding in 1996, the firm has invested in businesses in 24 countries.
Index Ventures has its origins in a Swiss bond-trading firm called Index Securities, founded by Gerald Rimer in 1976.
In 1992, Rimer recruited his son, Neil, to join the firm and together they launched its technology investment arm, which would evolve into an independent entity, Index Ventures. 
Index Ventures was officially founded in 1996 by Neil Rimer, his brother David and Giuseppe Zocco, when they raised a pilot fund of $17 million, followed by a $180 million fund in 1998. That year the firm also launched its life sciences practice, when Francesco De Rubertis joined as a partner. 
Headquartered in Geneva and Jersey, the firm opened an office in London in 2002 and in San Francisco in 2011.
The firm's partners include Ben Holmes, Bernard Dalle, Ilya Fushman, Jan Hammer, Danny Rimer, David Rimer, Neil Rimer, Dominique Vidal, Mike Volpi, and Giuseppe Zocco.
In February 2016, the firm announced Dick Costolo and Shardul Shah as partners.
Index Ventures partner Danny Rimer has been named in "Fortune"’s “40 under 40” list of the top rising stars in business and "Forbes"' Midas List of the top 25 deal makers in venture capital.
Index Ventures has raised a number of venture funds, including Index Ventures I through VI; Index Growth 1 and 2; and a $200 million life sciences fund with backing from GlaxoSmithKline and Johnson & Johnson.
In April 2015, Index Ventures raised $706 million, and designated it as Index Ventures Growth III.
In February 2016, Index Ventures raised $550 million in its eighth funding round.
In June 2014, Deliveroo raised a £2.75 million series A investment round from Index Ventures.

</doc>
<doc id="14162276" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14162276" title="Mode Media">
Mode Media

Mode Media, Inc. (formerly Project Y, Glam Media) was a digital lifestyle media company where content was produced by anyone but reviewed by professional editors prior to publishing. In 2013, Mode Media had a valuation of about $1 billion as the company prepped for an IPO. In 2015, Mode Media had grown to over $100 million in revenue, primarily from providing native content, branded video and digital advertising to large brands but had over $100 million in expenses.
On 15th September 2016, Mode Media abruptly shut down its operations.
Mode Media was founded as Project Y, Inc. in 2003 by Ernie Cicogna, Fernando Ruarte, Vic Zauderer, Dianna Mullins, Raj Narayan, Rebecca Bogle Arora, Susan Kare, Emmanuel Job and Samir Arora. The company originally was founded as a website to offer high quality fashion and beauty content and blog content. The company launched Glam.com in September 2005 at Fashion Week in New York.
As the company grew, it diversified its focus from exclusively targeting a female audience. The company owned and operated Mode.com across 20 lifestyle categories and Channels: Glam (Women Style, Fashion, Beauty), Brash (Men's Lifestyle), Bliss (Health & Wellness), Tend (Parenting), Foodie (Food Recipes and Restaurants) and Entertainment, Music and Video. In June, 2007, Mode Media became the #1 women's web property in the US as reported by comScore.
In September, 2007, Mode Media launched its first discovery product "Glam Curator" and started to popularize the term "curation" as a new way of filtering content in the social web.
In January 2009 Mode acquired Personiva Inc, along with this Glam India Pvt. Ltd. a 100% subsidiary India company was created. 
Glam India created Glam Adapt, the Ad serving engine for Mode Media previously known as Glam Media. 
In September 2011, Mode acquired Ning, a social media platform that allowed users to create custom social networks. In 2014, Glam Media was renamed to Mode Media. In 2014, Mode Media launched Mode Studios, to create original video series, branded entertainment and digital films in New York, San Francisco and Los Angeles. In 2015, Mode Media launched Mode Video streaming platform 
In total, the company raised approximately $225 million from silicon valley venture firms Accel, DFJ, Walden, Information Capital and investors Burda and Dentsu. After abruptly ceasing operations in September 2016, operations of its Ning division passed to a New York based company, Cyndx. Mode Media did not file for bankruptcy protection.

</doc>
<doc id="14162737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14162737" title="City Shuttle Service">
City Shuttle Service

Singapore Shuttle Bus Private Limited was a subsidiary of SMRT Corporation in Singapore that operated bus services under the name of City Shuttle Service (CSS) between 15 May 1975 and 28 April 2007.
The City Shuttle Service (CSS) was an initiative introduced on 15 May 1975 by the Singapore Government, which was intended to be part of a Park and Ride scheme aimed at reducing traffic congestion in the city. It was originally hoped that car owners would park at designated car parks and transfer to CSS bus services to enter the Central Business District (CBD). 11 inaugural services commenced operations by NTUC Comfort & Singapore Shuttle Bus (SSB), which plys along the 16 fringe car parks, 7 city area terminus and 49 selected bus stops with around sixty 25-seater single door buses. However, the initial arrangement was not popular with car owners and the scheme was terminated, resulting in the company being allowed to operate regular services to extend towards the housing estates and had reduced to 9 services (6 services were from SSB and the 3 were from NTUC Comfort). As the purpose of the CSS scheme was to service working commuters, no services were operated on Sundays and public holidays. The list of bus services that extends towards the housing estates in 1976 include:
On 25 June 1988, NTUC Comfort, which ran the 3 CSS services from Marine Parade to the city, decided to withdraw 2 services partly due to the high maintenance cost of its buses and a decline in commuter demand due to the MRT's opening. Its buses then ran on its last sole service (CSS Service 6) until 1990, when the buses reached the end of their permitted lifespan.
The initial fleet was replaced with larger DAF SB220 and Nissan Diesel buses. CSS was the first bus operator in Singapore to introduce senior concessionary fares, a scheme that was eventually extended to other bus operators. On 12 March 1987, Singapore Shuttle Bus was purchased by Trans-Island Bus Services (TIBS), which therefore follows the company until it was merged into SMRT Buses in 2004.
SSB provided public transport from the housing estates to the CBD areas. Services operated from interchanges and terminals like Bedok & Bt Merah Interchanges and Holland Dr, St. Michael's & Sin Ming Rd Terminals. The services used to operate from 6.30am to 7.30pm and does not operate on Sundays and Public Holidays. The bus services which is under CSS were renumbered into "6xx" in 1997 with the introduction of standardised numbering system. With the closure of Holland Dr Terminal in 1998, CSS 602 was re-routed to start from Shenton Way Terminal and loops at Holland Dr.
SSB’s only bus depot was at Lorong 1 Geylang (GLDEP). The central workshop was at Ang Mo Kio Depot (AMDEP) which handled all the preventive maintenance, repair works and major component overhauls.
On 9 July 2001, during the merger, the company was operating five routes and its depot was based at Lorong 1 Geylang Bus Terminal. In November 2001, the first service, CSS 602 was withdrawn and all the non air-con buses retired.
Some bus stops were once used only by CSS bus services. The Chancery Lane and Balmoral Rd bus stop were used by CSS 603, while the Armenian St (bef Stamford Rd) bus stop was used by CSS 605 and Havelock Road (Blk 29), Maxwell Rd and Marine Cres (Blk 15) bus stop, CSS 608.
Prior to the withdrawal of CSS 608, it was the last of the Nissan Diesel U31RCN buses to pass by the old National Stadium, Maxwell Rd as well as the old Supreme Court Building. The bus fleet was downsized within the last 3 years of its service until its withdrawal on 28 April 2007.
The last CSS service, CSS 608, was initially slated to be withdrawn on 30 March 2007. However, due to public appeals, the withdrawal date was pushed forward to 28 April 2007.
Greatly improved public transport connections resulted in a fall in ridership numbers at the turn of the millennium. With the withdrawal of CSS Service 605 on 5 September 2004, its existing fleet of CSS buses were being downsized, with the DAF SB 220LT buses awaiting to be exported overseas and was later used in New Zealand, leaving the Nissan buses in its fleet. With the gradual decrease in ridership, some of the Nissan buses with CSS plates were transferred to the SMRT fleet in June 2006. SMRT progressively withdrew CSS routes, ending with the last route, Service 608, on 28 April 2007. The parent company justified this action on the grounds of reduced ridership of up to 40% and lower fares which made it impractical for the CSS scheme to continue.
With the withdrawal of the route, Singapore Shuttle Bus was liquidated. The remaining of the CSS Nissan buses and the sole Dennis Lance (CSS310U) were transferred to SMRT Buses for continued operations, 2 months after its withdrawal of Service 608. All those buses were phased out when SMRT bought Mercedes-Benz OC500LE single deckers.
The space was filled after the withdrawals -

</doc>
<doc id="14163867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14163867" title="Jervis B. Webb Company">
Jervis B. Webb Company

Jervis B. Webb Company is a global company that designs, engineers, installs and supports integrated material handling systems such as baggage handling systems, Automatic Guided Vehicles (AGVs), conveyor systems and Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems (AS/RS). Webb is a subsidiary of Daifuku Co., Ltd., forming one of the largest material handling companies in the world.
The company headquarters is in Farmington Hills, Michigan, with offices and manufacturing plants internationally including Carlisle, South Carolina; Harbor Springs, Michigan; Boyne City, Michigan; Hamilton, Ontario; Northampton, England; Ludwigshafen, Germany; Palaiseau, France; Barcelona, Spain; Shanghai, China and Bangalore, India.
Products manufactured by the company include:
Malis, Carol "Michigan Celebrating A Century of Success" Cherbo Publishing Group, Inc. 1999. pp. 124–125

</doc>
<doc id="14166438" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14166438" title="Iran Arvin">
Iran Arvin

Iran Arvin (شركت ايران آروين) is an Iranian Construction & Engineering company.
Iran Arvin was established in 1983 by a group of engineers and
professionals from different backgrounds in the public sector, private industry, and academia. Since its creation, the company has become known as one of Iran's leading firms in the industrial sector.
With a workforce of 250 permanent engineers and specialists along with an average 2,500 construction personnel, Iran Arvin cooperates extensively with international engineering companies, and sees the application of the most current international standards as its overarching priority.

</doc>
<doc id="14167522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14167522" title="Industrial Press">
Industrial Press

Industrial Press, Inc., is a privately held corporation headquartered in South Norwalk, Connecticut. Its primary areas of business are publishing technical books for engineering, technology, and manufacturing.
The company was founded in New York City in 1883, and moved to Connecticut in 2013.
Industrial Press's flagship title is the "Machinery's Handbook". It is a comprehensive, practical, and easy-to-use reference for mechanical and manufacturing engineers, designers, draftsmen, toolmakers, and machinists.

</doc>
<doc id="14168377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14168377" title="West Central Wireless">
West Central Wireless

West Central Wireless is a local mobile phone provider serving Central and West Texas based in San Angelo, Texas, in the United States, with satellite offices in Brady, Texas. Their cellular services consist of 850 MHz HSPA and GSM networks, along with legacy D-AMPS (TDMA) and CDMA networks. The HSPA network (which may actually be backhaul-constrained HSPA+) is a recent addition to the company's portfolio; services on the so-called "3GPlus" network began rollout in early 2012, with a deployment schedule stretching into late summer. CDMA services (1xRTT only) exist due to the company's acquisition of Five Star Wireless, though services were expanded slightly beyond Five Star's original coverage area shortly after the acquisition took place.
West Central's GSM network currently provides native service in the following twenty-six counties of West Texas: Tom Green, Howard, Glasscock, Reagan, Crockett, Sterling, Irion, Schleicher, Sutton, Coke, Edwards, Runnels, Concho, Menard, Kimble, Kerr, Coleman, McCulloch, Mason, Gillespie, Kendall, Brown, San Saba, Mills, Comanche, Erath.
The company offers prepaid service on their GSM network through the Right Wireless brand.
The company also provides fixed wireless services using LTE technology on the 700 MHz band. 
Through roaming agreements with other companies including AT&T Mobility and T-Mobile USA, West Central is able to provide their customers with service when outside their home coverage area, albeit with significantly reduced minute and data allotments compared to what the company makes available within their own service area.
West Central Wireless also owns a 1900 MHz PCS license which the company uses to provide High-Speed Wireless DSL Internet under the name West Central Net to small business and residential customers in San Angelo.
The companies operating under the West Central Wireless umbrella have a somewhat convoluted legal structure (d/b/a meaning "doing business as"):

</doc>
<doc id="14171648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14171648" title="Martin &amp; King">
Martin &amp; King

Martin & King was a manufacturing company based in Melbourne, Australia. The company specialised in motor vehicle bodies and railway locomotives and rolling stock.
The company was initially based in the Melbourne suburb of Armadale from at least 1948, later opening a plant for railway stock at Clayton in the 1950s. In 1959 a new plant was opened at Somerton, which was provided with its own railway siding. Clyde Engineering acquired a controlling interest in the company in 1954. The Somerton plant is today occupied by Downer Rail.

</doc>
<doc id="14173445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14173445" title="Silver State Helicopters">
Silver State Helicopters

Silver State Helicopters was a helicopter flight training, sight seeing tours and charter air operator. The company was founded in 1999 by Jerry Airola, flying Robinson R22 helicopters. Silver State Helicopters expanded rapidly and reported revenues of US$40.7 million in 2005 and US$78.1 million in 2006. Silver State Helicopters ceased operations and entered bankruptcy on February 3, 2008.
The company was founded in 1999 at Henderson Executive Airport with one Robinson R22 helicopter. In 2007, Silver State Helicopters expanded into the agriculture field with the purchase of Central Washington Helicopter. Silver State's intent was to give their students a chance to gain experience while allowing current pilots opportunities to advance their careers.
The company expanded into flight training in 2003, with a model based on the United States Army’s Fort Rucker based helicopter training program and an aim of establishing a helicopter school in every US state. Silver State Helicopters expanded at an unprecedented rate for a helicopter company, especially one that specialized in flight training. Its corporate headquarters was 500 East Cheyenne Avenue in North Las Vegas, Nevada and had flight academies located in 34 cities around the United States. By 2006, the company was 12th on "Inc." magazine's list of the top 500 privately held companies in the United States. Airola sold the company to New York investment house EOS Partners in 2007, creating Silver State Services Corp. He moved from being President and CEO and became the General Manager instead. The plan was to give Silver State the opportunity to grow at an accelerated pace in the areas of flight training and other commercial operations.
Silver State initially attracted students by running television advertising in major urban centres, inviting interested people to come to a recruiting seminar and promising an "exciting career flying helicopters". The recruiting seminars featured a "carnival-like atmosphere" of helicopter rides with the charismatic Airola describing their future flying helicopters. The first recruiting seminar was expected to attract 100 people, but over 1,000 attended, convincing Airola that the plan had great potential. As a result he expanded his recruitment efforts throughout the country.
Airola's pitch told seminar attendees that for an "investment" of just US$69,900 a Silver State Helicopter Academy location would take them from ab initio to a commercial helicopter license, certified instructor with an instrument rating in just 18 months. The program was carried out by a combination of classroom instruction, unlimited use of flight simulators at each location and 10 hours a week of helicopter flight time.
The factor that convinced many students to enroll was Airola's promise that most graduates would be hired by Silver State itself. The company provided access to student loan writers and distributed loan applications. Once students had their letter of acceptance they were required to provide a loan application fee of US$500. Students were required to sign a contract and code of conduct with classes starting within three weeks of recruitment. The terms of the student loans included that repayment was to commence at the conclusion of instruction, or after 18 months, whichever came first, at a rate of US$1000 per month. The loan agreements included a clause that the company would be paid one third of the full amount at the conclusion of 30, 60 and 90 days from the start of training, provided that the student was still receiving training at those points. This meant that the company had been fully paid for 18 months of training after only three months.
Silver State was initially interested in pursuing status as a United States Department of Veterans Affairs-approved flight school so that training could be provided to military veterans. The administration has much more stringent requirements for refunds than the company was willing to meet and so the company abandoned these plans, rather than change their loan programs. The company Vice President of training operations, Randy Rowles, explained that management informed him that "We only want about 20 percent of these people to finish." In an interview with "Rotor & Wing"' magazine Rowles explained that the company intended from the start that the majority of students would voluntarily cease training after the first three months, leaving them with the full debt for the loan and the company without the expense of training them. Many students did abandon the training because the school locations were understaffed, overcrowded with students and lacked sufficient aircraft. When the students did not complete their training in the 18-month period they had to start paying back their loans, but without having completed their licenses and without employment, forcing many to quit training to try to find jobs. Rowles told management that they must stop recruiting until the backlogs could be cleared, but he was overruled and recruiting was stepped up.
The company's contract, charter and tourism fleet of turbine aircraft were being used predominantly on non-revenue flights between recruiting venues to bolster local school locations and make it appear that they had more aircraft. This also meant that the company did not have jobs available for its graduates. Throughout 2007 the company started selling off aircraft from its training fleet to raise capital to increase recruiting, which further slowed down training. Orders for simulators were cancelled and aircraft ready for delivery from Robinson Helicopter were not picked up.
Randy Rowles summed up the company philosophy: "Silver State didn’t care about providing the service. Silver State cared about getting paid for the service."
Silver State had expanded their business into training potential Air Traffic Control candidates through their Air Traffic Control Academy in New Braunfels, Texas. Silver State claimed 13 of their 15 graduates from their inaugural class were offered employment with the Federal Aviation Administration.
Silver State had planned to open another helicopter flight training academy location at Stewart International Airport, about north of New York City, including establishing a shuttle service from Stewart to Manhattan by the end of 2007.
Silver State Helicopters filed a petition with the US Bankruptcy Court for liquidation under Chapter 7 of the bankruptcy code and ceased all operations at 1733 hours Pacific Standard Time on February 3, 2008. At the time operations ended, the company had more than 800 employees and 2500 students who had no warning of the bankruptcy filing. A company statement released at the time said that the closure without warning was due to “a rapid, unprecedented downturn in the U.S. credit markets” which had curtailed the availability of student loans for the company’s students and that this then resulted in a “sharp and sudden downturn in new student enrollment.” Silver State Helicopters' assets were listed at US$50,000 following the bankruptcy filing. Silver State Helicopters owes 5,000 creditors between US$10 and $50 million.
The company websites were all removed by February 6, 2008. On February 26, 2008 a special website for the Trustee for Silver State Helicopters Bankruptcy was launched. It listed 194 helicopters and five fixed wing aircraft for disposal.
In mid-February 2008 former Silver State students and their attorneys announced that they were planning class-action lawsuits against the company and its owner Jerry Airola. They announced that they may also sue the banks that lent student loans due to the high interest rates and terms of the loans.
Nicole Moon, spokesperson for Nevada Attorney General Catherine Cortez Masto, indicated that the Nevada Bureau of Consumer Protection is investigating potential criminal charges. Some of the other 16 states in which Silver State Helicopters had bases are also examining pursuing criminal charges.
Key Bank, who was a primary lender for student loans for Silver State students, has been named as a defendant, by Pinnacle Law Group of San Francisco representing two former Silver State students in a California lawsuit as of 14 May 2008. The suit alleges that the bank and Silver State colluded to "ensnare" students to take out loans and pay Silver State the full amount of US$69,900 for their future flight training in advance. The Pinnacle suit also alleges that the bank "intentionally omitted" federally required consumer protection clauses in the loan documents. "We hope to obtain an injunction preventing the bank from enforcing its promissory notes and from contacting credit agencies regarding the notes," stated Pinnacle attorney Kevin Rooney.
On 23 May 2008 US Senator Bill Nelson (D-Fla) called for a Federal Trade Commission investigation of Silver State, indicating that he believes that it was a Ponzi scheme. Senator Nelson said:
Writing in "Rotor and Wing" magazine in March 2009, Ernie Stephens concluded:
In one case reported by the Las Vegas Business Press, a case was filed in the U.S. District Court in Phoenix, plaintiffs claimed Silver State failed to deliver on its promise to train aspiring helicopter pilots. The case was dismissed in April 2007 but the parties involved are negotiating to reach a settlement.
In the Phoenix case, 18 plaintiffs were demanding a US$5 million minimum, not including attorney fees, for their failed promises by Silver State training schools in Arizona.
One of the plaintiffs, Paul Mischel, claims he refinanced his house in order to pay a $55,000 loan to pay for 7 helicopter certificates/ratings which were supposed to be completed in 18 months, as advertised by Silver State Helicopters. 27 months into the program and he only had 3 of those certificates, which he claims are worthless.
Mischel and other plaintiffs claim that the school they attended did not have adequate helicopters, simulators and instructors to teach a class with 78 students. Mischel claimed he never completed his training but the way the loan was structured through Key Bank, the banking institution already paid Silver State the full amount in 10 months.
In a June 2006 lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court in San Diego, 21 plaintiffs claimed Airola often made promises he didn't keep. The plaintiffs are asking for refunds of their tuition, which range from $50,000 to $75,000 per student. Silver State Helicopters claims it has reimbursed 19 of the 21 students involved in the San Diego lawsuit.
Student Loan Xpress, a member company of New York-based CIT Group Inc., agreed to forgive almost $113 million in debts for students of Silver States Helicopters flight school. The $112.7 million agreement involved 12 states; California, Nevada, Utah, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Missouri, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon and Washington. Loan Xpress will forgive 75 percent of the amount borrowed by the majority of Silver State Helicopter's 2,700 students with the percentage of loan forgiveness per individual will vary by the amount of training that students successfully completed.
Silver State Helicopters fleet at time of bankruptcy:
Helicopters:
Fixed wing
On March 27, 2007 in Ponte Vedra Beach, Florida, a R-44 Raven II from Silver State at Craig Municipal Airport suffered a mechanical failure which led to loss of directional control. The loss of control led to a fatal crash of the aircraft which took the lives of the instructor Tamara Williams and student pilot Juston Wyatt Duncan, 24. The fatal flight was the first flight after a 100/300 hour maintenance inspection was completed which included a 30-minute test flight before returning the aircraft back into service. Tamara's sister Shannon filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Silver State Helicopters in August 2007.
On February 6, 2006 in Helena, Montana, a Silver State R-44 N7085U was intentionally crashed by its commercial helicopter instructor pilot in a successful attempt to commit suicide. The National Transportation Safety Board determines the probable cause(s) of this accident as follows: The pilot's intentional suicide. The unauthorized use of a helicopter and impairment by alcohol were factors.
On September 20, 2005 in Baker, California, a Silver State R-22 Beta N957SH crashed during a positioning flight of new helicopters to their respective destinations. The flight originated at the factory when Silver State took delivery of 12 new helicopters. The accident pilot was assigned to fly his helicopter to North Las Vegas following 3 other Robinson helicopters. The aircraft were spaced about 15 minutes apart. The accident pilot departed Torrance Airport (Zamperini Field) at about 2:25 pm local time and was attempting to arrive in North Las Vegas by 4:00 pm. The normal flight time for this route in this type of aircraft is 2.5 to 3 hours. The accident pilot flew into adverse weather conditions which included rain, low clouds, lightning and moderate turbulence. A California Highway Patrol pilot had warned the accident pilot earlier of the rain and lightning to the northeast of the accident pilot's route. The next morning the Silver State office determined the accident pilot did not reach his destination and initiated a search. The pilot was killed in the crash.

</doc>
<doc id="14174241" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14174241" title="Hadfields Limited">
Hadfields Limited

Hadfields Limited of Hecla and East Hecla Sheffield, Yorkshire was a British manufacturer of special steels in particular manganese alloys (which were discovered by the founder's son and often known as Hadfield steel) and the manufacture of steel castings. 
There was a very heavy involvement in the armaments industry, in the production of shells and armour plate steel.
In 1977 Hadfields became part of Tiny Rowland's Lonrho. The over-capacity of Britain's steel industry forced the closure of the Leeds Road plant in June 1981 and the East Hecla workforce was much reduced. Lonrho finally closed the last part of Hadfields in 1983 receiving compensation from GKN and the British Steel Corporation. Most of the site is now covered by Meadowhall Shopping Centre.
Robert Hadfield (c.1831-20 March 1888) who died aged 57 after a long illness, belonged to a family with close links to steel makers (Brown's) and Sheffield's cutlery industry. Hadfield served his apprenticeship with edge tool firm John Sorby & Sons of Attercliffe. After a period as Attercliffe's rate collector he joined a steel wire making business associated with Sorby's. Following the death of his wire-maker partner, Shipman, Hadfield began in 1869 his own steel casting business on a site close by the River Don, off Newhall Road, Attercliffe. Success was assured when he became able to produce materials and castings for shells which previously had to be imported from France. By the time of his death in 1888 it was estimated there were more than 1,500,000 Hadfield's cast steel wheels and axles in daily use all over the world and his firm could make castings weighing up to . He was able to produce cast steel of a strength previously provided only by forged steel. Hadfield left the business to his two daughters and his son, Robert Abbott Hadfield. In compliance with his will his business was transferred to a limited liability company incorporated the year of his death and shares offered to the general public. The prospectus for the new company described its castings as unrivalled and of a modern and progressive type and listed these products:
Hadfield's became a public listed company with Robert Abbott Hadfield its managing director and chairman of its board of directors.
Sir Robert Abbott Hadfield (1858–1940), a metallurgist, discoverer in 1882 of manganese steel and inventor of silicon steel succeeded his father when he died in 1888. Hadfields' "Era" manganese steel, the first commercial austenitic steel and essentially soft, was very tough because attempting to cut or shape the surface made the alloy intensely hard. Initially it was used for dredgers, for pins, bushes, bucket lips all subject to intense wear from sand. Once rolling stock reached higher speeds and increased weight "Era" had to be used for steel points and crossings for railways and tramways.
By the mid-1890s work was at high levels and Hadfield's needed to expand from their restricted site. They bought of land in Tinsley. On this they built a new works, known as East Hecla Works which opened in 1897. The old Hecla Works was turned over to the manufacture of projectiles. 
In 1911 Hadfield's was believed to employ more workmen than any other business in Sheffield and was "largely engaged in the production of war material." Their 14 in (356 mm) "Heclon" armour piercing shot weighing almost could perforate 12 in (305 mm) of Krupp cemented armour plate without shattering. Hadfield's shells had a patent cap which gave their projectiles very high ballistic qualities. Their "Era" cast steel was used in the armoured structures in warships. Hadfield's foundry was by this time some long and covered near .
A special meeting of shareholders following their AGM on 17 March 1913 renamed Hadfield's Steel Foundry Company Limited Hadfields Limited
Herr Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach while in Sheffield will visit Hadfields, Vickers, Cammells and Brown's works —News item June 1914. His host at Sheffield, Sir Robert Hadfield, spoke of the satisfaction of all who knew the excellent relations prevailing between England and Germany. Herr Krupp responded that Germans would always remember Sheffield was the home of cast steel.
By 1920 Hadfields Limited's own freehold land had expanded to around in and around Sheffield. About were covered with works including the largest steel foundries in Great Britain. Hadfields manufactured steel castings and forgings also from manganese steel and other steel alloys. They manufactured special steels for motor-cars and aeroplanes, projectiles and other war materiel, crushing machinery, tramway track work and many other steel and engineering products.
Their plant was capable of producing 150,000 to 200,000 tons of high-grade and special steels each year by the Hadfield system and by employment of open-hearth furnaces (acid and basic), crucible and electric furnaces and many other substantial items.
Plant included some 300 electric steam and other overhead cranes, 21 large and small locomotives, more than 21 miles of railway, 250 heating furnaces and hydraulic forging presses up to about 2,000 tons capacity.
In December 1919 and January 1920 Hadfields agreed with Harper Bean Limited that each would take a holding of the other's shares to the value of £250,000. Harper Bean planned to be producing 50,000 cars per annum by 1923. Similar arrangements were entered into with Henry Barlow Sanford and with John Baker and Co (Rotherham).
The Industrial Reorganisation Corporation
There was a renationalisation of the steel industry in July 1967 but Hadfields escaped that.
It was seen in the mid-1960s that some rationalisation was needed within the Sheffield steel industry, particularly steel founding. With respect to this Hadfields Limited split into separate divisions, forging, casting and other works. Similar moves were taking place at Samuel Osborn & Company, Jessop Saville & Company and Edgar Allen and Company.
The intention was to merge the foundry interests of the four companies to form one large steel foundry with the capability of making castings from a few ounces to 40 tons, with only English Steel Corporation's Grimesthorpe foundry in the city able to make larger. As negotiations were taking place the deal fell through leaving Osborn's and Hadfield's to merge, with the foundry being located on Hadfield's East Hecla (Vulcan Road) site. Edgar Allen's purchased Jessop's, relocating Jessop's special alloy (medium frequency) melting on Edgar's Sheffield Road site and the 3-ton electric furnace at their Imperial Steel Works melting shop.
However a surprise bid for Osborn Hadfields Limited was announced on 24 October 1967 from Dunford & Elliott also of Sheffield and much smaller than Hadfields and Dunford's takeover of Hadfields was completed in December 1967 with effect from October 1967. Samuel Osborn retained the foundry interests.
Hadfields and its subsidiaries, bringing with them substantial losses, joined Dunford & Elliott (Sheffield) Limited's group as Dunford Hadfields Limited as of December 1967 and from 1977, once again Hadfields, it was part of Tiny Rowland's Lonrho. 
The over-capacity of Britain's steel industry forced 1800 employees to be made redundant from Hadfields' Leeds Road plant in June 1981 and the East Hecla workforce much reduced. Lonrho finally closed the last part of Hadfields in 1983 receiving compensation from GKN and the British Steel Corporation.
This site is now mainly covered by the Meadowhall Shopping Centre, the old factory being flattened in the early 1980s as part of the regeneration of the East end of Sheffield following the closure of many of the local factories in the 1970s

</doc>
<doc id="14174874" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14174874" title="Toye, Kenning &amp; Spencer">
Toye, Kenning &amp; Spencer

Toye, Kenning & Spencer plc is a British jewellery and clothing manufacturer based in the Jewellery Quarter, Birmingham; Covent Garden, London and Bedworth, Warwickshire, England. Founded in 1685, the company remains family-run by members of the Toye family.
The firm holds a Royal Warrant to Queen Elizabeth II for Supply of Gold and Silver laces, insignia and embroidery. It supplies Honours badges and ribbons presented at investitures and is sole supplier of the buttonhole Honours emblem. The company has also been commissioned to produce semi-official commemorative coins for politically important events aimed at improving diplomatic relations with the UK.
The Toyé family arrived in England in 1685 as Huguenot refugees after the revocation of the Edict of Nantes by Louis XIV. The Toyé family sailed into the Thames in 1685 disguised as cattle-dealers. They settled in Hope Town, now known as Bethnal Green, close to Spitalfields. Here they resumed the traditional family business of weaving, lace-making, embroidery and gold and silver wire making. In 1784 Guillaume Henry Toyé was engaged in this industry and living with his family in Hope Town. He had four sons and three daughters.
In 1835 William Toyé (grandson of Guillaume) acquired larger premises at George Street, Bethnal Green. At first he applied himself to broad weaving but other forms of weaving soon appealed to him, particularly the making of ribbons, as there was then a far larger demand for this commodity. It was found necessary to open retail establishments further west in London in addition to the factories. A shop was opened in 1888 at 18 Little Britain and a short time later a further establishment was opened up at 17 Clerkenwell Road.
By 1890 the weaving of heavy, double-twilled silks, nine-feet wide, for trade-union and Friendly Societies became an important part of the business. The banner department used painting and embroidery to illuminate the designs. With increased and varied activities it became apparent that the factory at 186 Old Ford Road was inadequate. The Masonic section was rapidly becoming more important, therefore it was essential to move the factory nearer to the headquarters of Freemasonry in Great Queen Street. Premises were acquired in 1898 at 57 Theobalds Road where showrooms were opened, the factory being placed at the rear and continuing right through the block into Red Lion Square.
In 1903 Herbert Toye joined the business, a step made necessary by the considerable expansions that had taken place. In 1909 it became necessary, in accordance with the Companies Act 1908, to register the firm as a Company. From then on all business was transacted as Toye & Co. In 1910 William Toye, Senior died and in the terms of his will his sons William, Frederick and Herbert and Timothy J Mister, all became partners in the business.
In 1930 it was necessary to rebuild and enlarge the main factory in Red Lion Square, London. Then came a fresh crisis. Britain was hit by the Depression and three million people were thrown out of work. During these dismal days of dole queues and empty larders Toye maintained full employment, an accolade for the management. In 1937 the coronation of King George VI and Queen Elizabeth gave the company another great trade boost and provided an outlet for the skilled crafts of their staff. They worked day and night for six months producing banners, emblems, robes and insignia for that historic occasion. The velvet cushions on which the Royal Crowns were carried into Westminster Abbey were made by women at Toye in conjunction with the Royal School of Needlework.
In 1949 Miss H E Toye, who had completed thirty years' service on the sales side, was elected to the Board. Few firms at that time had elected women to the board level.
In 2010 Toye lost a multi-million pound contract with the Ministry of Defence due to pricing concerns.
Toye’s factory in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter is home to the group's metal manufacturing. Every stage in the manufacture of a metal product takes place there. Products include medals, badges and buttons, chains of office and insignia for heads of state and dignitaries, jewellery and cufflinks, presentation cups for sporting organisations and commemorative plaques. The FA Cup was made by Toye.
The group’s textile production is in Bedworth, near Coventry. There Toye specialises in narrow fabric weaving, manufacturing coloured ribbons, braids and laces for military, homeland security, club, association, school and fashion markets worldwide. Bedworth also specialises in hand and machine embroidery, and making crafted hats and caps for the military, homeland security, corporate, sports and show business markets. Customers range from the MOD and overseas defence forces, to international fashion houses, sporting organisations and local schools. Honours caps for the Rugby Football Union, buttons for Henley Royal Regatta and Grand National ties were produced there.

</doc>
<doc id="14175298" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14175298" title="Piriform (company)">
Piriform (company)

Piriform is a privately owned software company based in London, UK. It develops cleaning and optimisation software for Microsoft Windows and macOS operating systems, plus Android devices.
Piriform tools include CCleaner, Defraggler, Recuva and Speccy. On 22 September 2015, Piriform launched CCleaner Cloud, which uses the CCleaner technology to maintain PCs remotely.
Piriform means "pear-shaped". The OED lists "to go pear-shaped" as British slang for when a situation doesn't go the way you expect.
CCleaner has the option to clean your browsers including Edge, Internet Explorer, Chrome, Firefox as well as your system temporary files such as recycle, clipboard, log files etc. It has a separate operation to clean your registry. (A backup of regedit is recommended.) CCleaner's tools include editing and uninstalling programs, editing your startup apps, edit your browser plugins. It can analyse your hard disks individually to determine which files are taking the most space. It can search for duplicate files to help reduce drive storage space. It allows you to quickly access your system restore points. And it can wipe clean the free space on individual drives to completely remove deleted files.
Piriform's most popular application, CCleaner, has been downloaded over 2 billion times. It is one of the oldest system cleaners, first launched back in 2005. CCleaner is synonymous with system cleaning, just like Google is synonymous with search. 
CNET editors gave the application a rating of 5/5 stars, calling it a 'must-have tool'. It was awarded Editor's Choice Award in April 2009 by CNET.
As of January 2014, it has been the most popular software on FileHippo for more than a year, and also has a 5-star editor's rating on Softpedia.
CCleaner has been reviewed by Chip.de, TechRadar, "PC Magazine", TechRepublic

</doc>
<doc id="14175362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14175362" title="Alfred Booth and Company">
Alfred Booth and Company

Alfred Booth and Company was a British trading and shipping company that was founded in 1866 and traded for more than a century. It was founded in Liverpool, England, by two brothers, Alfred and Charles Booth. It grew into a significant merchant shipping company with its head office in Liverpool and interests in the USA and South America. The group was broken up in 1964 and the last Booth company from the group was sold in 1986.
Alfred and Charles Booth were cousins of William James Lamport, co-founder of the Liverpool shipping company Lamport and Holt Line, and worked in the company's office. In 1851 Lamport transferred minority shareholdings in a cargo steamship, the "Nile", to several associates including Charles Booth and George Holt. In 1854 Lamport, Holt, Booth and Holt's father, also called George Holt, all took minority shares in a new ship, the "Orontes". At the time it was common for a merchant ship to be in 64 shares held by a number of owners. Charles Booth had two shares in the "Nile" and one in the "Orontes".
In 1863 the Booth brothers founded a partnership, Alfred Booth and Company, to export English light leather to the USA, which was in the midst of its civil war. The company had headquarters in Liverpool and a US office in New York City.
In February 1865 the Booth brothers ordered two new ships. Once again they were part-owners; relatives including Alfred Holt and his brother Philip held most of the remaining 64 shares in each ship. The ships were named "Augustine" and "Jerome" after St Augustine of Hippo and St Jerome, two of the great Doctors of the Church. It became a company tradition to name ships after notable bishops and other historic figures. The ships carried English leather, both tanned and untanned, to the USA. In 1866 Booths started a regular steamship service between Liverpool and ports in northern Brazil and on the Amazon River. In 1881 the shipping line became a limited company, Booth Steamship Co Ltd.
After John Boyd Dunlop patented the pneumatic tyre in 1888, the trade in natural rubber from Brazil increased, and by 1900 Booth's had 14 ships. Booths had competitors on the Brazilian route including the Red Cross Iquitos Steamship Co, which operated up the Amazon to Iquitos in Peru, and the Maranham Steamship Co. In 1901 Red Cross's founder, Robert Singlehurst, retired and his company merged with Booths to form the Booth Steamship Co (1901) Ltd.
Booths' fleet developed to include substantial passenger liners. In 1903 the company started carrying tourists to and from Lisbon and Madeira.
In 1912 Charles Booth retired and passed the chairmanship to his nephew, Charles Booth (1868–1938). In 1915 Charles senior returned from retirement to help the company in the First World War, despite suffering from worsening heart disease. He died of a stroke on 23 November 1916. In 1914 the fleet had more than 30 ships. 11 were requisitioned for war service and enemy action sank nine including two ocean liners, the sister ships and . By 1919 only 18 ships remained in the fleet.
Alfred Booth & Co diversified into civil engineering, and in 1919 it bought the Unit Construction Company from Crittall. Booths lost one ship in peacetime between the two World Wars, when the "Gregory" ran aground and was wrecked. The company introduced passenger cruises, advertising "1,000 miles up the Amazon" and modernised its fleet with new ships in the 1920s and 30s.
Booth lost several ships in the Second World War. The cargo steamship was and sunk by the in September 1939. The passenger liner , which was requisitioned as a troopship in 1940, was sunk by torpedo in July 1941 with the loss of 254 lives.
After the war the company again modernised with new ships, and from 1955 it diversified its naming policy with Spanish names as well as early church ones. In 1957 Booths again suffered a peacetime loss, when the liner ran aground.
In 1946 Alfred Booth & Co sold Booth Steamship Co business to the Vestey group of companies. Vestey already had its own shipping subsidiary, Blue Star Line, founded in 1911. Under Vestey's in 1955 Booth Steamship Co started trading in the Caribbean with a service between Brazil and Canada "via" the West Indies. Through the 1940s, 50s and 60s Vestey's transferred numerous ships between Booth's, Lamport & Holt and Blue Star. Each company had a different naming tradition, so ship transfers generally involved a change of name to accord with the house style of each company. In 1975 Vestey's absorbed the two fleets into Blue Star Line.
In 1964 after a Booth family split the leather business was separated as Booth and Company (International) Ltd. It was made a public company in 1974 and bought by Garnar-Scotblair in 1981. In that period the Managing Director was John Sebastian Macaulay Booth, a grandson of co-founder Charles Booth.
Alfred Booth & Co was sold in 1986 to the construction company Mowlem.; the chairman at the time of its sale was Richard Amis CBE, a grandson of Alfred Allen Booth.
Alfred Allen Booth was a director of Cunard Steamship Co, was made a baronet in 1916 and died in 1948. The baronetcy passed to his eldest son, the television director and producer Sir Philip Booth, 2nd Baronet. He died in 1960 and was succeeded by his son Sir Douglas Allen Booth, 3rd Baronet, a television producer and writer living in New York City. His heir presumptive is Derek Booth, a hydrogeologist.

</doc>
<doc id="14175931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14175931" title="Prairieland Park">
Prairieland Park

Prairieland Park is an events centre in the south-eastern portion of Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. The park is located in the Exhibition neighborhood of Saskatoon. Each year the park hosts an annual Saskatoon Exhibition called "The Ex". During the remainder of the year most of the park venues are rented out to special events. Some events held are Western Canadian Crop Production Show, Saskatchewan indemand trade show, Saskatoon Fall Fair cattle show and sale, Pet Expo, Chuckwagon Racing, and the Prairieland Junior Ag Showcase. The park also hosts Marquis Downs.
The Agriculture Department is heavily involved in the community host 4H events.
It currently hosts 321 events a year, which attracts 1.6 million people.
The Ex is an annual fair that occurs on the site each August. This includes amusement rides, product exhibitions, music, shows and displays. Normally occurring at the same time are chuckwagon races at the Marquis downs facility.
In 2008 the park started a major $2.8 Million expansion to build agriculture and equine centre plus an attached stabling facility for year-round use. Freeing up the existing Trade Centre facility to be used exclusively for conventions and trade shows. Western Economic Diversification Canada and Saskatchewan Government's Ministry of Municipal Affairs under the Saskatoon Urban Development Agreement (UDA) are investing $2.8 million in the building expansion of Prairieland Park's Trade Centre.
Marquis Downs is a horse race track in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada which features both Thoroughbred and Standardbred horse racing. Principal races are Prairie Lily Stakes, Saskatchewan Derby, and Saskatchewan Futurity. The minimum purse in 2007 was $3,000 and the Heritage races featured a $100,000 purse.
The facility consists of the following buildings:
The Jubilee (Industry and Agriculture) Building was a former exhibition area that was demolished in 2006 to make room for Hall E.

</doc>
<doc id="14178710" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14178710" title="Patriot Coal">
Patriot Coal

Patriot Coal Corporation is a coal-mining company based in St. Louis, Missouri in the United States. The company is a spin-off of most of the Eastern U.S. operations of Peabody Energy.
Patriot is the second largest coal miner east of the Mississippi River. The company's operations are made up of 16 mining complexes. Thirteen of these complexes are located in West Virginia and three are located in Kentucky. In 2007, Patriot sold 22.1 million tons of coal. The company controls 1.9 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves. Patriot is the largest producer of thermal coal in the Eastern United States. It is also a leading producer of metallurgical coal. Approximately 80% of its coal is sold to domestic utilities and 20% is sold to domestic and international steel producers.
Patriot Coal's stock started trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol PCX on November 1, 2007.
On July 23, 2008, Patriot acquired Magnum Coal Company. At the time, Magnum was one of the largest coal producers in Appalachia, with 11 mines and 7 processing plants. Magnum had over 600 million tons of proven or probable coal reserves.
On June 1 and 14, 2012, solely for the purpose of establishing venue in the Southern District of New York, Patriot incorporated two subsidiaries in New York, according to counsel for the United Mine Workers. On July 9, 2012, Patriot Coal Corporation and all of but two of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. None of its joint ventures are party to the bankruptcy proceeding, however. Patriot management advised its shareholders that it intends to use the reorganization process to address its financial challenges and make the company stronger and more competitive. The stock listed on the NYSE (New York Stock Exchange) under the symbol PCX dropped 72.1% to a record low on July 9, 2012.
Also on July 9, 2012, the company issued a letter to all retired workers that their medical programs are still in place and payments will be made as usual. The company has, however, made it clear that it intends to seek to reduce or eliminate its benefit obligations through the bankruptcy process, which it estimates to have a total present value of $1.3 Billion. The United Mine Workers of America, which represents Patriot's classified workers and retirees, has indicated that it will fight to preserve those promised benefits.
On July 10, 2012 the company received interim bankruptcy court approval of a debtor-in-possession loan facility, giving Patriot access to $677 million in financing.
Having restructured the company exited Chapter 11 on December 18, 2013 as a privately owned company.
In Patriot Coal's Brody Mine No. 1 in West Virginia two of its workers died in a ground failure. The owners were in the process of disputing numerous safety violations at the mine which the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration had categorized as a pattern violator.
On May 12, 2015, Patriot Coal Corporation and its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for restructuring under Chapter 11. Plans call for sale of most assets to Blackhawk Mining, LLC.
The company has announced it will no longer provide health coverage to its retirees after 31 December 2016.
As of November 15, 2012, the company has signed an agreement with the Sierra Club to end the practice of mountaintop removal, which is often considered one of the most destructive forms of mining.

</doc>
<doc id="14178755" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14178755" title="Istithmar World">
Istithmar World

Istithmar World ("istithmar" is Arabic for "investment") is an investment firm based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates (UAE). This company is a state-run business owned by Dubai World, a Dubai government-owned company, and was established in 2003. Originally known as "Istithmar," the company was renamed as "Istithmar World" in 2008.
Istithmar World, which was created in 2003 as the investment arm of Dubai World specializes in private equity and alternative investment opportunities globally. In the five years since its inception, Istithmar World has built a portfolio of investments in markets ranging from North America and Europe to Asia and the Middle East, and across a variety of sectors, including consumer, industrial, financial services and real estate.
An analysis of Istithmar's investment portfolio which included the investment of $3.8 billion with an associated $14 billion of debt, has not performed positively. In a number of cases, Istithmar has lost control of assets or sold at a loss. As a subsidiary of Dubai World, the company has been mentioned in numerous press reports related to the high debt levels of its parent. Since late 2009, the company has seen numerous departures of high-profile executives.
Headquartered in Dubai, UAE, with offices in Shanghai, China and New York, United States, Istithmar World invests through its three separately-managed divisions: Istithmar World Capital, Istithmar World Aviation and Istithmar World Ventures.
The Board of Istithmar is led by the Chairman, HH Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum. Other Board Members include Mohammad Ibrahim Al Shaibani (Director General of the Dubai Ruler’s Court), Abdul Rahman Saleh Al Saleh (Director General of the Finance Department), Hamad Mubarak Bu Amim (Director General of the Dubai Chamber of Commerce and Industry), Sa’adi Abdul Rahim Hassan Al Rais and Sun Yong Chang.
Each of the divisions had its own management teams until a re-organisation was enacted at the end of 2009 and in early 2010. Istithmar World Capital saw the departure of its co-CIOs, John Amato and Felix Herlihy, who had joined the firm in 2006, who announced their departure in September 2009. On 20 January 2010, the CEO of Istithmar World Capital, David Jackson announced that he would be leaving the firm. Andy Watson, who had been promoted from CIO of Nakheel to CIO of Istithmar became acting CEO.
In July 2012, the board of Istithmar was reshuffled by chairman Sultan Ahmed Bin Sulayem, before being entirely replaced a few hours later, on the instructions of Dubai’s ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, by the board of Dubai World.
On 26 November 2009, the Wall Street Journal reported that Dubai World was seeking to sign a 6-month debt standstill agreement with its creditors. In response to the announcement Moody's and Standard & Poor's downgraded the debt of various Dubai government-related entities, with Moody's downgrading the affected agencies to sub-investment grade status. The effect of the announcement was widespread fear in the global financial markets with a negative impact of equities markets around the world and a significant increase in the cost of insuring debt issued by Dubai related entities.
On 30 November 2009, Dubai World made a statement in an attempt to counter rumours and mis-understanding. In the statement, Dubai World indicated that Istithmar would not be part of the proposed restructuring process. Instead the restructuring process would focus on several property related subsidiaries, most notably Nakheel. The statement noted that the total debt subject to the proposed restructuring was circa $26 billion.
Istithmar World Capital states on its website that it has deployed $3.5 billion of capital in 35 investments across the globe. In an interview with the Financial Times in March 2009, the then CEO, David Jackson indicated that total assets under management by Istithmar had declined due to the global financial crisis and were $9 billion by the end of 2008. In the article, Jackson indicated that Istithmar had delivered returns of approximately 10% since its foundation. According to The Times in an article on 7 February 2010, Istithmar invested a total of $3.8 billion of its own capital from its foundation and took on an additional $14 billion of debt.
Existing and historic investments include:
In addition to preceding list of investments, the re-organisation of Dubai World, announced in October 2009, led to a number of other assets being transfer to Istithmar from an investment management perspective. These assets included Dubai World Africa, an investment vehicle for the African Continent. The flagship investment is the Victoria & Alfred Waterfront in Cape Town, South Africa. Other investments include game reserves, wildlife conservation and eco tourism in Africa, with operations in South Africa, Rwanda, Comoros, Mozambique, Senegal and Zimbabwe.

</doc>
<doc id="14179503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14179503" title="Cone Mills Corporation">
Cone Mills Corporation

Cone Mills Corporation was a world leader in textile manufacturing of corduroy, flannel, denim and other cotton fabrics for most of the 20th century. The company was based in Greensboro, North Carolina and its mills were mostly in North and South Carolina. The company was known as the world's largest producer of denim. It was disestablished in 2004.
The Cone family history begins in 1845 when Herman Kahn (1828–1897), a Jewish-German immigrant, and his sister’s family left their home in Bavaria, Germany for a new life in the United States. Herman changed the spelling of his last name from "Kahn" to "Cone" almost immediately upon arrival in the United States to become more American.
Herman Cone and his brother-in-law Jacob Adler started a dry goods business in the German-speaking Pennsylvania Dutch town of Jonesboro, Tennessee. Cone & Adler sold the usual items like groceries, hats, boots, and shoes. An exception to this was that they also sold ready-to-wear clothing, unusual in the antebellum South where most clothing was made at home.
Herman met Helen Guggenheimer (1838–1898) in one of his business traveling trips to Lynchburg, Virginia in the early part of the 1850s. She was also from Germany and was Jewish. In 1856, when Helen was eighteen, they got married. Their first child was Moses H. Cone, born in 1857, founder of Proximity Manufacturing Company (original name for the Cone Mills enterprises). Their next was Ceasar, born in 1859, the co-founder.
The family showed in the pre-Civil War 1860 census that their real estate holdings and personal property holdings were an impressive $29,365. By 1861 they closed their business because of the war and put their money instead into real estate. At the end of the war, the family sold some of their real estate to reopen their retail business under the name "Adler, Cone, and Shipley."
They engaged in the barter system to trade goods, since cash was then very scarce. They traded their goods for textiles and then resold these in the South for cash. Many times they just took credit on personal property and land. They foreclosed on many of the debts owed them, acquiring hundreds of acres of real estate in the process.
In 1870 the family, who at this point was fairly wealthy, moved to Baltimore, Maryland and started a wholesale grocery business called "Guggenheimer, Cone & Company." The family at this point had seven children, five boys and two girls, Claribel and Etta, who gained a reputation as the art-collecting Cone sisters. This business owned by several relative members was ultimately disbanded in 1873 and Herman went into business with his eldest sons, Moses and Ceasar. This new firm was called "H. Cone & Sons." The two eldest, Moses and Ceasar, worked with their father in his grocery business while in their teens traveling the Southeast as "drummers" (traveling salesmen). The brothers took and bartered orders from southern merchants for their father's wares. By 1876 the business had expanded to include tobacco and leather goods.
In 1887, Moses and Ceasar Cone invested $50,000 in the C. E. Graham Mill Manufacturing Company of Asheville, North Carolina. They manufactured cotton plaids. In 1893 the mill became Asheville Cotton Mills. In 1888, the brothers invested in Salisbury Cotton Mills of Salisbury, North Carolina. They also invested in Minneola Manufacturing Company of Gibsonville, North Carolina. In 1891, Moses and Ceasar Cone established the Cone Export & Commission Company. The selling agent for southern textiles was called a "plaid trust" by its competitors. Chartered in New Jersey, the company's headquarters were located in New York City and Moses served as its president. In 1893, the Cone brothers then built one of the first textile finishing plants in the South, called Southern Finishing & Warehouse Company.
Moses Cone built his first denim manufacturing plant in Greensboro in 1895. The plant was called the Proximity Cotton Mills because of its location to the nearby cotton fields. Near the mills "Brother Moses" and "Brother Ceasar" built a facility to serve as the company's headquarters. Ceasar was its first president.
The Cone family, many of whom later were involved in Moses and Ceasar's enterprises, included Carrie (1861–1927), Monroe (1862–1891), Claribel (1864–1929), Albert (1866–1867), Solomon (1868–1939), Sydney M. (1869–1939), Etta (1870–1949), Julius W. (1872–1940), Bernard M. (1874–1956), Clarence N. (1876–1929), and Frederick W. (1878-1944).
In 1899 Moses and Ceasar partnered with Emanuel and Herman Sternberger of South Carolina to build a flannel production plant called Revolution Mills. In 1905 under Proximity Manufacturing Company the Cone brothers built White Oak Cotton Mills in Greensboro. By 1908 it was the world's largest producer of denim. The heavy-duty blue denim manufactured by the mills controlled by Moses gave him the reputation of being "the Denim King." The company has produced the denim fabric for Levi Strauss & Company since 1915. They are the exclusive supplier in recent years of the fabric for Levi's brand 501 jeans.
In 1912 the company opened Proximity Print Works. This plant was one of the earliest color cloth printing facilities in the Southern United States. In 1927 the company acquired Cliffside Cotton Mills (manufacturer of terry cloth) and Haynes Plant (producer of chambray). By 1929 they had acquired Holt-Granite Puritan Mills Company of Haw River, North Carolina. They then acquired the corduroy producing Tabardrey Manufacturing Company. By 1932 the Cone company had gained controlling stock of Eno Cotton Mills of Hillsborough, North Carolina. They bought the Florence Mills of Forest City, North Carolina in 1941 and also its subsidiary called American Spinning Company of Greenville, South Carolina.
In 1945 the company merged all its separate mill properties into the Proximity Manufacturing Company. The manufacturing companies, mills, and various subsidiaries owned by the Cones underwent a major reorganization in which the separate business operations of Proximity Manufacturing Company (including Proximity Cotton Mills, Proximity Print Works, White Oak, and Granite), the Cliffside Mills (including the Cliffside and Haynes plants), the Florence Mills (including American Spinning Company), Minneola Manufacturing Company, Salisbury Cotton Mills, Tabardrey Manufacturing Company, and Cone Export & Commission Company, were all reorganized.
Then in 1948 another major merger occurred. Revolution Mills and Proximity Manufacturing Company was consolidated and named Cone Mills Corporation. In 1950 the company announced a merger with the twill and drill manufacturer Dwight Manufacturing Company of Alabama. The following year it purchased the company outright, being the same year the Corporation went public trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Cone Mills Corporation in 1952 purchased the Union Bleachery of Greenville, South Carolina. They then gained the first license for the sanforizing process granted in the United States.
Cone Mills Corporation was involved with Cone Memorial YMCA (the White Oak, Proximity, and segregated branches), Camp Herman, night school, and employment of nurses. They built housing near their mills, both boarding houses and single family homes. Stores sold dairy products and meat was produced on company farms. The company built a school and donated land for churches for each village. The company also instituted a Welfare Office.
They were also involved with state and regional cotton and textile associations, the Mill Workers Mutual Benefit Association, and Summit Avenue Building Company. The company was also associated with the Cone Country Club and founded the Moses H. Cone Memorial Hospital.
From 1958 to 1969 they were involved with the annual Miss North Carolina Pageant. The company provided fabric for wardrobes that were given to each year's winner. They also provided fabric for the presentation gown that each winner wore to represent North Carolina in the annual Miss America Pageant.
The textile companies and plants owned and operated in full or in part by the Cone family were Revolution Cotton Mills, Asheville Cotton Mills, Minneola Manufacturing Company, Salisbury Cotton Mills, Cliffside Mills, Eno Cotton Mills, Granite Finishing Works, Tabardrey Manufacturing Company, Florence Mills, John Wolf Textiles, Olympic Products, and American Spinning Company.
The company went private again in 1983 with the threat of a takeover by Western Pacific Industries. At the time the company had twenty-one plants and 10,800 employees. The company then had a value of $385 million. In 2003, Cone Mills Corporation filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection. By 2004, all of Cone's assets had been acquired by W. L. Ross and Company and were then combined with what remained of Burlington Industries to form International Textile Group.
Mill villages were company-owned towns, built from scratch by textile mills to house their factory workers and their families. In the early 1900s, Cone Mills Inc. built five self-sufficient villages to serve its Greensboro factories. These villages included churches, schools, baseball fields, community centers, and company stores in addition to houses that were leased to mill workers. At their peak, the Cone mill villages covered and housed 2,675 workers in about 1,500 houses. A separate mill village, East White Oak, housed African-American workers. Thousands of workers and their families made their lives in these “towns within a town” until the company began selling the houses (sometimes to workers) in the late 1940s.

</doc>
<doc id="14182603" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14182603" title="Univa">
Univa

Univa is the leading innovator of workload management products that optimize performance of applications, services and containers. Univa enables enterprises to fully utilize and scale compute resources across on-premise, cloud, and hybrid infrastructures. Advanced reporting and monitoring capabilities provide insights to make scheduling decisions and achieve even faster time-to-results. Univa's solutions help hundreds of companies to manage thousands of applications and run billions of tasks every day. Univa is headquartered in Chicago, with offices in Canada and Germany.
Univa develops, sells and supports Univa Grid Engine software, Univa's version of the Grid Engine workload and distributed resource management technology. Univa announced in January 2011 that hired personnel formerly working for Oracle and Sun Microsystems on Grid Engine development. On October 2, 2014 Univa roll out new version of Grid Engine with new functionality for improved scalability, performance and resource control for small and large clusters.
On October 22, 2013 Univa announced it acquired the intellectual property, copyrights and trademarks pertaining to the Grid Engine technology from Oracle and that it would support Oracle Grid Engine customers.
Univa announced its Universal Resource Broker for Hyperscale Workload Optimization in May 2015. The product is powered by the company’s workload optimization Grid Engine solution.
Univa announced its Navops suite of products in May 2016. Navops is a suite of products that enables enterprises to take full advantage of Kubernetes and provides the ability to quickly and easily deploy a container-ready infrastructure and run containers at scale. Navops utilizes workload placement and advanced policy management across on-premise, cloud, and hybrid infrastructures. With Navops, companies can automate micro-service applications and efficiently respond to end-user demand. 
Univa offers consulting services for installation, tuning and configuration of its products.
Univa was founded in 2004 under the name Univa Corporation by Carl Kesselman, Ian Foster, and Steve Tuecke and was at that time primarily known for providing open source products and technical support based around the Globus Toolkit.
On September 17, 2007, the company announced that it would merge with the Austin, Texas-based United Devices and operate under the new name Univa UD.
The company operated as Univa UD until formally dropping "UD" and returning to common use of Univa Corporation. Under the leadership of its current CEO Gary Tyreman. Univa announced, on January 17, 2011, that it had hired the principal and founding engineers of the Grid Engine team.
On Oct 22, 2013 Univa has announced that it had acquired the intellectual property as well the copyrights and trademaks pertaining to the Grid Engine technology from Oracle and that it will take over supporting Oracle Grid Engine customers.
A new technical partnership with Force India, providing automation data management software for large scale computational projects.

</doc>
<doc id="14186882" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14186882" title="Standard Life (Canada)">
Standard Life (Canada)

The Standard Life Assurance Company of Canada (also known as Standard Life) is an investment, retirement and financial protection company and is part of Manulife Financial Standard Life has been in the Canadian marketplace since 1833 and currently employs over 2,000 people across Canada.
Founded in Edinburgh (Scotland) in 1825, The Standard Life Assurance Company demutualized in 2006 and a new public company - Standard Life PLC - was born. Standard Life plc was listed on the London Stock Exchange (LSE), under SL on July 10, 2006. 
The Standard Life Assurance Company was established in 1825 and the first Standard Life Assurance Company Act was passed by Parliament in 1832. Standard Life was reincorporated as a mutual assurance company in 1925. The Standard Life group originally operated only through branches or agencies of the mutual company in the United Kingdom and certain other countries.
The Canadian branch was founded in 1833 and the Irish operations in 1838. This largely remained the structure of the group until 1996, when it opened a branch in Frankfurt, Germany with the aim of exporting its UK life assurance and pensions operating model to capitalise on the opportunities presented by “Third Life Directive” and offer a product range in that market with features which local providers were unable to offer.
In the 1990s, the group also sought to diversify its operations into areas which complemented its core life assurance and pensions business, with the intention of positioning itself as a broad range financial services provider.
Standard Life had as of December 31, 2013 $48 billion CDN in assets under management while providing financial products and services to over 1.4 million individuals, including group insurance and pension plan members.
On January 30, 2015, the Canadian operations of Standard Life plc joined Manulife.
Standard Life also owns and operates over of office, retail and industrial space through its Real Estate division.

</doc>
<doc id="14188443" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14188443" title="Wikipedia:Village pump (proposals)/Archive 3">
Wikipedia:Village pump (proposals)/Archive 3

Anyone planning on building a MediaWiki extension to support OpenSocial?????????? 
Creating the ability for a user to annotate an article, perhaps with his/her own observations on some aspect of it for his/her future reference. It would, via a cookie (I assume - I'm not technical) remain on the user's computer, so the "Wiki" page itself would not be affected. This may help users who are using "Wikipedia" for learning purposes, and he/she can have a series of notes that would either pop up or give the user the option of having them pop up whenever that page (even if, by then, revised by other uses) is summoned again.
This proposal is for the verification of the proper use or misuse of a word in the title of a large number of articles, and for the moving/renaming of the articles if the community determines that they are misnamed.
According to the articles Demography and Demographics, the term "demographics" is often used erroneously in place of the word "demography". 
This seems to be the case with the majority of articles on the demography of regions:
Compare with:
"See Demographics#Demographics vs Demography for the distinction between the two terms."
My question is: Are the above "demographics" articles named correctly?
Can primary sources (Such as people's diarys, religous texts etc) be used as references within an article? Is this discouraged?-- ( · ) 19:14, 1 November 2007 (UTC)
Firstly apologies if this has been suggested before, or there is a fix already available, couldn't find it anywhere. Would it be possible to increase the number of most recent edits on a users watchlsit to two or three (or a user defined number). Reason is that often the most recent edit isn't the one which is most significant as far as changes go. A number of times I've seen an edit which is a trivial number of characters and which may be ignored, however the second or third most recent edit may be significant and need acting on. If the user was made aware of the 'bigger' changes they may be less likely to miss these changes. The 'show/hide' minor edits option doesn't do the job for me. 20:20, 3 November 2007 (UTC)
A new higher quality image has replaced the lower quality and controversial image on Lolicon. In the last RfC, many editors expressed a desire to see a higher quality image on the article and this new image attempts to fill the role. See for further discussion. -- () 00:53, 5 November 2007 (UTC)
A lot of the policies on wikipedia are great. I have read through most of them multiple times. There is one thing I don't 100% agree with. I am a little paranoid about doing this as this is the first time I offered feedback on something like policies. So ever if every disagrees, and it doesn't go through or even if it's ignored, atleast try to understand this is my first time commenting on something like this. What I disagree with is the overall Policies take on fictional work. I think that we should consider a slight alteration. I think that fictional related "text" should be allowed, when references are cited. There are some policies stating that it has to be of real life related works with citings, and if it's fictional it has to be written from a real life view (which I agree with). However I have noticed that certain articles get opted for deletion when they contain great deals of information on a fictional plot. I think we should be more linient when it comes to that. We have giant fictional lists, or great details of data about a fictional work that details out a great deal about the plot, but when this happens, it's generally tagged off (even when it has decent citings). I think that is something we should work, towards being more linient with. I am not sure if I exactly communicated what I was trying to say accurately, so if anyone has questions about my thoughts or didn't understand let me know and I will try to rephrase. 16:57, 31 October 2007 (UTC)
I recently created in an effort to make it easier to navigate through our important Wikipedia policies and guidelines, while also making it easier to cite the policies (by adding their main shortcut next to the title of the policy or guideline). I was thinking of adding this template to the bottom (or the "See also" sections) of the noted policies and guidelines, but I wanted some input and consensus since we are talking about our main policy pages. Please tell me what you think, and if you see anything that you can fix or make better, be bold! Thanks. 03:46, 5 November 2007 (UTC)
We already have a project to sort current deletion debates by topic, so interested users can participate in particular areas, but what I was thinking, is that we initiate a new process of sorting by topic – this might even have the potential to at least lower the backlog on the peer review page, and help editors by getting the most out of a peer review, by getting a review from someone with experience writing on the subject. As the number of active peer reviews is much lower than the amount of deletion debates ongoing at any one time, the scope of a topic should be widened.
This idea may perhaps expand to not just peer reviews, but copyediting requests on pages, since I hear that there are new systems in place over there to put each request for copyediting/proofreading on a separate subpage – making transcluding a particular request easier.
Any feedback on the proposal is welcome. ~  20:54, 5 November 2007 (UTC)
What do you all think of having a sort of "Templates for creation" page? It'd be a place where people who want to use a template that doesn't yet exist could request that someone more experienced with templates and template syntax make one. I don't think we have anything like this yet, and it could be very helpful considering how complicated and confusing making some kinds of templates can be.  ( · ) 17:08, 6 November 2007 (UTC)
Wikipedia seems to have trouble with admins abusing privilege, acting uncivil, making questionable decisions, etc. There is also discontent over administrator actions and behavior. Both problems seem significant. is a survey concluded early this year. Anecdotally, the problem seems to have since grown worse ("in the interest of disclosure, I have had my run-ins as well but don't want to focus on that"). Some feel this impact the health and perhaps even the long-term viability of the project. It seems there are a fair number of people who should simply not be administrators, and many others who will not perform well unless there is some oversight and accountability. The two mechanisms we have do not seem to be working. Arbitration Committee cases are few and far between, sanctions are made for immediate practical behavioral problems only, and de-sysopping is seen as an extraordinary punishment that should be done only after everything else fails. is an unruly, rude place with more conversations than anyone can keep up with, some involving a high degree of incivility, accusations, and edit warring, often by administrators. Informal discussion and behavioral norms would work if there were only a few bad admins, but when the behavior veers too far from expectations, those norms are off. A large proportion of administrators seem to think it's okay to make summary decisions, use threats or even actual administrative actions to enforce their content preferences, treat non-administrators in a condescending or uncivil way, and so on, knowing there is no penalty for doing so and that other administrators will back them up. Some proposals (changing the administrator approval process, or limiting the terms) have been considered and rejected. 
I have no specific proposal, but can we brainstorm on how we can make administrators more accountable to the wishes of Wikipedians, and the benefit of Wikipedia? My first thought is a recall system whereby if there is a sufficient question raised as to behavior or competence, an admin would have to stand for re-appointment. The downside is that implementation might be difficult, it is similar to a vote, it may be prone to sockpuppeting, canvassing, etc., and that there would be a possible stigma to getting recalled. Any thoughts or ideas? 
Here's another troubling case, . It's pretty horrific, actually. Administrators warring, yelling and screaming, accusing each other of bad faith, and calling for each other's de-sysopping, all over one administrator blocking another. One of those duking it out, an administrator who has ostensibly "retired" for murky reasons but nevertheless blocks about five users per day and deletes more articles than that, deleted a comment I made on an unrelated AN/I matter, obviously on the other side of the issue than me, and came to my talk page to scold me for "inflaming" things. I have no idea who is right and wrong in the current spat. Maybe both sides are wrong. You bet that sends the message that non-administrators should live in fear and shouldn't cross paths with aggressive administrators. I'm glad all this is out in the open for everyone to see, but at the same time I shouldn't have to see this. Yuck. 21:41, 1 November 2007 (UTC)
"(I'm moving the subheading down here - if you want to brainstorm about possible changes, here's the place. You can criticize me above for bringing up the question)"
Some:
Could we add 
<div style="float:right; 
to userboxes? See this for an example. It would allow the |align=left or |align=right , which is nice because you don't need to copy the source and modify the "float:<option> directly. 02:07, 2 November 2007 (UTC)
I have proposed the creation of a Q&A page for active arbitration cases here. Summary: There should be one page dedicated to questions and answers from all open Arbitration Cases so that all questions for arbitrators can be concentrated and kept on the same page in the same namespace, not spread across arbitrator talk pages as they frequently are now. See the discussion for more details regarding the rationale behind this. Input would be greatly appreciated. Thank you. 16:49, 7 November 2007 (UTC)
Further discussion to . 03:19, 9 November 2007 (UTC)
Please see this thread on Wikien-l. It would be ideal if any discussion was mostly kept to one place. Thanks for your attention. :) -- 21:31, 26 October 2007 (UTC)
Creating a new article is one of the most complex things you can do on Wikipedia... especially considering we just give people a blank box with a link to tutorials hardly anyone will read. Most new articles created by new users are disasters. Check if you disagree. If someone can't figure out how to create an account... how are they going to figure out how to navigate copyright, formatting, verifiability, NPOV policy, self-references and all the other things needed to create a marginally decent new article? There are a lot of common sense things that could be done to make new articles less likely to be very bad... like warning if there's no formatting, no incoming links and no category. Or even a decent UI that gives people something better than a blank box to work with. Why aren't any of these things ever considered? 
We have tremendous backlogs in dealing with the basic problems article creators often forget to address - the categories for , , and so on have backlogs in the tens of thousands. Now doesn't seem to be the time to be making it even easier to create articles that require huge ammounts of work from a small pool of cleanup people. -- 06:16, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
Blurgh. I cannot see any good coming of this - is already permanently backlogged, and now we're going to have thousands of articles about schookids "whu r da best" and their "smelly teachers lol" created every day. For those to even be halfway manageable, we're going to have to relax the rules on how many warnings are required before an IP is blocked, not bitch out admins who block on sight, and probably look at expanding some of the to avoid overrunning or . Expanding to cover buildings, books, the albums and singles of A7-deleted bands, and so on, would be a start.   10:17, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
W.marsh has hit it right on the head. As anybody who does newpage patrols knows, articles created by newbies are of, at best, a subpar quality. Given the high learning curve for editing, the many arcane and obscure policies one must obey related to content, style, interaction, etc., and the fact that NP patrollers usually jump down the throat of a crappy article, I cannot see any good coming from this. 
Since the "decision" to permit anonymous article creation was presented as a means to acquire data on the effect of anonymous article creation, the parameters and procedures to be followed in collecting that data, and those responsible for doing so, need to be specified "before" any such action is actually taken. - 16:35, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
As an experiment, I went to and had a look at the top five pages where the creator had less then ten edits. I got:
I doubt we're going to get a good signal-to-noise ratio from anon users at that rate. 19:48, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
Reading through the mailing list, I haven't been able to determine who actually made the decision that anonymous article creation will be re-enabled. I assumed it was an "official" decision until I read this post by :
Can a developer, board member or someone else in the know elaborate on who made this decision? Thanks, 14:54, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
I posted on the list on this subject. Honestly, I think Tim's message was out of line and had he bothered to talk to the names he mentioned he wouldn't have said the same things. But you're welcome to conclude whatever you wish. :) -- 17:20, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
"After a one month period, on December 9th, we will re-evaluate this decision using previously established methods (average article lifespan, rate of deletion, manual quality classification, random samplings of newly created articles, and most importantly, community discussion)". (per the initial announcement)
I hope that this "we" of whom you speak becomes somewhat organized in the near future. Then it could address such things as whether the exact methods will be established "before" the change takes affect on November 9th, who will do the number crunching; when ther number-crunching will take place (a snapshot on December 9th might miss a large number of page created in the prior week that don't survive the next week or two, for example), how long will the number-crunching should be expected to take (a week, a month?), and what the base comparison will be (October 2007? November 2006?).
Someone else commented (in the mailing list discussion) that "I'd personally consider a substantial increase in the percentage of new pages deleted to be a reason to turn anon-page creation back off." That's a start toward discussing how we'd feel about outcomes, though it would be nice to replace "substantial" with at least some range (10 to 20%? 20 to 40%). And (as noted above) "deleted" can mean "deleted within 24 hours", "deleted within a week", or "deleted within a month". More generally, it would really be nice to have a discussion about what different outcomes would mean "before" the results of this change were known, even if no hard criteria were set. -- 20:44, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
In an above section, someone suggested that we should have a walkthrough process for article writing similar to image uploads. I agreed and decided to start working on such a thing. You can see a "very" early start at (note the format directly ripped off from the upload form).
I'll report back here as I finish more. I also need suggestions for more general topics to start with. Right now I just have biographies, companies, and "other." All except other [will] have an infobox in the preload for people to fill in and will have advice and policy stuff related to their topic ( for bios, for companies, etc.). "" 23:57, 27 October 2007 (UTC)
Seriously, has anyone here been to of late? It gets crazy on a good day in a good time-zone...imagine what it'll be like on a bad day, in the US, in the afternoon when all the bored teenagers are home? What next - let's remove the protection functionality? GO NUTS!  () 06:47, 28 October 2007 (UTC)
The only thing worse than the quality of Newpages is the over-a-year-long backlog at AfC. I think this is a fine decision and I look forward to discussing the results in December. 06:59, 28 October 2007 (UTC)
So much speculation: The fact is that the percentage of deleted articles went UP after anon page creation as well as the amount of time it took us to getting around to delete them. Was this because anon page creation was turned off or because Wikipedia became more 'mainstream'? We don't know. We can guess, thats all we can do. 
But we will know after toggling the setting. We'll have solid information, and we can use that information to make an informed decision as well as help us make better decisions about related things in the future.
If the result is terrible we'll know, the community will decide to disable anonymous page creation, and life will go on. One advantage we can expect from flipping the switch is that the worst of the rubbish will be from anons, so going through special new pages will be easier. I also added an option to special:newpages to hide logged in users. -- 06:09, 29 October 2007 (UTC)
Looking through the mailing list post and above arguments what I can't tell is what is wrong with the current system ? As stated variously above anyone spending some time on new-pages patrol sees the signal to noise ratio and allowing anonymous creators would certainly not ameliorate this. I just can't see that Wikipedia stands anything to gain by removing the current few-day delay in creating articles. Gmaxwell is correct that turning this back on will create data. Unfortunately the data will most likely just show administrators spending more time pressing the delete button and no improvement in Wikipedia at all. Can't see that it's broken and can't see why this has to be fixed.- 06:47, 29 October 2007 (UTC)
Would it be fair to say that part of the reason why our exponential growth has been decelerating is because we're approaching - though not there yet - a more sufficient level of breadth? When it seems like the project has finally started to concentrate the bulk of its efforts into article depth, this just doesn't seem like a good idea - it seems like a bullet in the foot. I'm not saying there's not a fair number of articles needed that have yet to exist, nor that we'll ever run out of needed articles (thanks to current events, new media releases, and technology obsolescence, if nothing else), but considering how much junk we already see at AfD, Speedy, and requested articles, maybe continuing to concentrate on breadth after nearly seven years and 2 million articles "is" a semi-bad thing... 13:34, 29 October 2007 (UTC)
I don't have a strong opinion on this. On the one hand, I expect the vast majority of anon-created pages to end up on the cutting room floor. On the other hand, it might slow down the rate of creation of single purpose accounts, which is a benefit. On the other hand, it also is a drawback in two ways. On balance, I don't think switching back is a good idea.
First, some of those SPAs provide usernames that makes it obvious they have a conflict of interest with regard to the article created, which can be a yellow flag for new page patrol. When creates an article on Yet Another Johnson or [User:Corporation XYZ]] creates an article on XYZ we can be appropriately wary. If an IP creates those articles, the same cautionary flag won't exist.
Second, requiring account creation encourages account creation. Some new accounts stick around and become valuable users. My first contribution was a new page creation, and I'd not have bothered to create the account if anons could have created pages. I've been around long enough that I'm approaching the one year anniversary of becoming an admin. So I point to essentially all of my contributions as things that might have been lost had anon page creation been allowed. 22:18, 29 October 2007 (UTC)
Well, it's easy enough for an admin to speedy delete articles that shouldn't be on Wikipedia. / 04:19, 31 October 2007 (UTC)
First of all, I don't understand how a decision as important as this gets to be decided by one person, Gregory Maxwell, rather than through an inclusive community discussion. I make a point to try to be involved in all important Wikipedia discussions and this is the first I have heard of this idea. I've read gmaxwell's explanation that there's no point having a discussion since people have already talked about it (mostly on the listserv apparently) and that no one has any salient points to debate anyway, which, I'm sorry, is just ridiculous. I believe this is a bad decision undertaken in an even worse manner. I'm sure Gregory has the best of intentions, but there's no reason to rush this. As Kat has stated, this should be decided by the enwiki as a community, not by individuals or the board. 14:55, 30 October 2007 (UTC)
In case you don't know, I was one of the people involved in addressing the Seigenthaler controversy back in 2005. I talked to the media, swatted off the vandals, and basically adopted the article in a personal quest to redeem Wikipedia. It was not a fun time to be an administrator. I also campaigned for more stringent controls over Wikipedia contributors and content. Before Seigenthaler, Wikipedia was a total mess. It was the Wild West without enough sheriffs. Jimbo's decisions to eliminate anonymous page creation, create the BLP policy, and tighten the verifiability policy were the best things that ever happened to this project. I am quite certain that enabling anonymous page creation is a step backwards, back to the Wild West days that led to the Seigenthaler controversy and the crucifixion of Wikipedia in the media. I don't need data to tell me that, I lived through the Wild West days and the subsequent introduction of saner policies and I know that we are a tighter ship now.
I also don't understand why this "experiment" is necessary. It seems to me that the issue you are trying to address is philosophical rather than practical. If you look at the rate of article creation for the last few years, you'll see that restricting anonymous article creation had virtually no effect on the rate of articles created. If a subject is important it will get an article on Wikipedia one way or another, that much is certain. The only thing that has slowed down the rate of article creation is the recent plateauing effect that has come from Wikipedia reaching a saturation point of articles. I've worked with for several years and in the past year the project has become stagnant. Know why? There aren't anymore important missing articles left to create! The only important articles left to create are articles on current events and we meet that need 110% even without anonymous page creation. Indeed, that's probably our strongest area of coverage. What is the practical need that this change will address? There is none. Maybe it will silence the blogchair pundits who complain that Wikipedia is too restricted now, but somehow I doubt it. Wikipedia is more restricted now for a reason. We're not just a place for people to post their pet trivia. We are an encyclopedia, and as the de facto authority on every person, place, and thing under the sun, we have a very serious responsibility to "get it right". This responsibility is far more important than conforming to some abstract notion of "openness" (I say this as an active contributor to several open source projects). If indeed, we are too open, as some suggest, why have all the Wikipedia imitation sites (Citizendium, Veropedia, etc) decided to become more restrictive rather than less? By opening the door to anonymous page creation, we are once again inviting a Seigenthaler controversy (or worse).
I support the idea of anonymous page creation in theory, but it has to fit with Wikipedia's other goals. To that end, I believe we should wait until "article verification" or "good article flagging" (or whatever you want to call it) is implemented before we re-enable anonymous page creation. Alternately, if we must turn it back on immediately, we should do it for one month, and then turn it back off "unless" there is compelling evidence that it substantially improved Wikipedia (which I'm quite certain it won't). Right now the terms of this "experiment" seem sufficiently vague to permit anonymous page creation to remain the standard no matter what the results.
Finally, if you are successful at getting anonymous page creation re-enabled, I expect to see you on the front lines of on a daily basis, as it will be hell there. Don't expect to be able to sit back in your chair as an impartial observer while the rest of us wade through the mountains of shit without suffering a bit of resentment. 18:43, 31 October 2007 (UTC)
I'm a bit confused by the above argument. "If you look at the rate of article creation for the last few years, you'll see that restricting anonymous article creation had virtually no effect on the rate of articles created." I agree that there is no visible effect. Why oppose re-enabling anonymous article creation then?
I'm very interested in why some people seem to think that there will be anything like 
"article verification" coming anytime soon to help this. The only thing proposed is revision flagging and it iss months out, and the standing consensus on English Wikipedia *appears* to be that it will *only* be used in places where we currently use semi-/protection, which is also the position advanced by Erik Moller.
As far as what I'm doing to help new page patrol: I implemented the MediaWiki feature request in bug 1405. This feature will allow users (all logged in users, autoconfirmed only, or sysop only.. you decided: its per-wiki configurable) to mark new articles as reviewed. Unreviewed articles show up with a yellow background in Special:Newpages. I also added a feature to hide logged in users, and I can easily add a feature to hide reviewed new articles (rather than just color them). These features should dramatically increase our patrolling resources by reducing duplication.
These features are turned on at a test wiki I just put online for you to look at. Go to Special:Newpages there and create an account. Try creating some pages. Pages by users and anons start off life unpatroled yellow, but if you click on them in special:Newpages you can patrol them (link on the lower right) if you are logged in. A record of all patrol actions is in the patrol log. Your feedback will be helpful. -- 20:24, 31 October 2007 (UTC)
If this is an experiment, where is the lab notebook where the things to be measured are being discussed? ( 16:16, 30 October 2007 (UTC))
Rather than statistical studies, perhaps the people backing this change should volunteer to do a few hours of newpage patrol per day during the trial period. I think having to actually deal with the pages, rather than run crunch some numbers after other saps have dealt with 90% of the pages, dramatically changes people's perspectives on this whole thing. -- 19:09, 1 November 2007 (UTC)
Obviously the person behind this idea has never gone on new page patrol or participated at AFC, this is just going to result in a torrent of new articles which are either a1) too low a quality to be useful, b2) blatant advertising, c3) attack pages or d4) nonsense or too low notability and for what, one extra stub per week? We need to keep in mind that while less than ¼ of anonymous edits are made in bad faith over 90% of vandalism comes from IPs, and this problem is just going to get worse if anonymous page creation is re-enabled given that most users are unable to simply revert it. Really, if a person is that interested in creating an article they can take the time to register an account, otherwise it’s probably not worth us having. And what happened to community consensus on decisions, this seems to be one man’s opinion being forced on the rest of the project, and I have a pretty good idea who are going to be the people cleaning up the mess that results. Guess I had better dust off my old account then, it’s going to be a hectic month… 09:13, 2 November 2007 (UTC)
This is a terrible idea imposed without discussion or consensus. I am frankly appalled. 05:51, 3 November 2007 (UTC)
As I remember, at least one hundred people including myself agreed to stop anonymous article creation a couple years ago. It would greatly increase the load for newpage patrol and admins. Not to mention the fact that logged in editors are blocked indefinitely every day for creation of nonsense and vandalism. We usually can't block ips indefinitely leaving them nothing to loose and free to do it again, unlike a registered account.-- 06:21, 3 November 2007 (UTC)
Wanted to throw my voice in here as well in thinking that re-enabling anon article creation is... madness. Wikipedia has grown up past a point where anon article creation helps us, and putting it back in will hurt far more than it helps. -- 06:10, 4 November 2007 (UTC)
...as according to one of our concurrents, lab mice are the most intelligent creatures on the planet. 
The question is whether accountless page creation is good or bad has been disputed. The experiment is a good idea. That's proper scientific procedure, you don't talk the talk, you walk the walk. 
Though I share the opinions that is a bad idea to re-establish this permanently, I judge the risk for that as low.
It takes a while for users to notice registration is no longer required (though I don't how much waves this proposal made outside of wikipedia, not so much according to a google smell). I believe that few people here haven't noticed the donation campaign, and I think the experiment is part of it, while catching valuable data with the same stone. 
I think people saying there should be some kind of strike are not helping. It will skew the data, create even more backlogs at XfDs, and generally promote discontent. So I suggest folk to do their duty toward the community, and do the honourable thing.
If, and only if, the experiment proves negative and accountless page creation is re-established anyway, will I urge the hauling of the ensign at your right hand.-- 18:11, 2 November 2007 (UTC)
Having taken a look at gmaxwell's neat tool for looking at new articles, and as someone who repeatedly runs into CSD-worthy articles than the NPP people miss when I go through or , I'm not worried about the upcoming change. -- 00:22, 4 November 2007 (UTC)
I'm not sure if I follow where the confidence (or unconcern) here is stemming from. The -tagged pages are, as you correctly state, only the ones NPP has missed, and by no means all of those, either. (Articles with a stub tag or in a cleanup category aren't generally included, and nor, obviously, are "correctly" (or at least, tokenly) categorised deletion-bait. (Granted some are also "old" articles that have had their categories vandalised, deleted, mislaid through markup error, or removed through some other sequence of events.)) And backlog's north of seven thousand pages (or somewhat over a month's worth). Nor would I assume that the good people over at are all immune to getting fed up of the endless struggle, any more than NPPers would be.
For me that motivates the opposite question: why aren't we doing something more meaningful to deter hoaxes, advertising, vanity, crankery, and axe-grinding than imposing a four-day waiting period to spam us with it? For myself, I'd be strongly in favour of some sort of lightweight "non-auto" confirmation process. 23:54, 4 November 2007 (UTC)
Could we at least require IP editors to provide one reference for new articles? This is how AFC works, and in the age of it seems perfectly reasonable to ask new editors for a reference when creating articles. A separate field below the article field could ask for it, and add the contents in a ==References== section (if a references section was provided in the text anyway, the need for entering them into the new field would be negated). Some short but sweet wording could say something along the lines of "Independent newspaper and magazine articles are better than official websites; books and scholarly journals are even better". Sure some new articles would give phony references, or the creators would just enter junk information in the field... but that would make it "easier" to spot the hoaxes, not harder.
I still think allowing IP article creation now is a bad idea, but requiring a reference would probably be the easiest way to keep the situation manageable. -- 18:29, 4 November 2007 (UTC)
Allowing IP's to create new articles is one of the craziest things we on Wikipedia can do. Because of attack pages. Now, if this goes ahead, if someone leaves a warning on a IP's talkpage, they could go straight ahead and create an attack page. Nothing would stop them. This could seriously hurt a lot of people, and a lot of respected admins around here that have to put up with a lot of abuse every single day, yet stay on Wikipedia. Editors like myself, could easily have an attack page created on them. This is seriously something that I am heavily against. This could potentionally drive a lot of people (including myself) out of Wikipedia. 19:28, 5 November 2007 (UTC)
Hopefully we can all agree that almost any page created in under 2 minutes of work will be deleted. The only real exception is if you're working from a template, such as modifying an existing article on a similar subject. But this is an advanced editing technique... and really only useful occasionally. The vast majority of new articles will take the absolute minimum of 2 minutes of work to write out 1-3 sentences to give context and assert importance, cite a reference, and look up a category. The average time for a decent stub article is probably well over 2 minutes, but I suppose if you notice a redlink on a topic you're familiar with, you could whip up an article that quickly. But not much more quickly.
It's not 2004 any more. An unreferenced, uncategorized 1-sentence article that you spent 30 seconds represents a lot of work "other" people will have to do. And if you do newpage patrol (again with that if), it's pretty clear one of the major reasons a good-faith article gets deleted is the creator just didn't spend much time on it. 
What does this all have to do with anonymous editors? Anononymous editors rarely spend a lot of time on their edits. That's not their strength. Show me a featured article or a good article with the majority of content and referencing done by an IP... you can't, because that's never happened. Show me an article that reads decently and contains few errors because IPs have gradually fixed all the problems in tiny, 30 second edits... that's easy to do. The strength of the IP editor is in the casual, minor edit. 
In 2007, creating an article is not a casual, minor affair to be done on a whim during a commercial break. It takes a meaningful amount of time, effort and experience (or willingness to commit a lot of time to reading up). Look at IP edits to existing articles and observe how few of them represent 2+ minutes of work... and that's exactly what new pages created by IPs will look like. People creating articles quickly is just not good for the project. It's just hard to envision a lot of people who'd spend 10 minutes writing an article, but wouldn't spend 5 seconds making an account, even a throwaway one just so they can submit their page. Or who wouldn't go to AFC. But it's easy to envision people who'd spend 30 seconds writing an article not bothering with an account. 
We really aren't going to get a lot more decent pages out of anonymous page creation... just a lot more work. By people who could be writing great articles if they had less busy work. -- 13:37, 6 November 2007 (UTC)
This proposal is insane, we are already experiencing constant backlog at , if we allow anon creation the admins will be brutally outnumbered, can we imagine how will the ammount of vanity pages skyrocket with this? I can recall recently reading an article that stated that having a Wikipedia article has become the latest "symbol of status". I am not sure when this feature was disabled but it has been at least a year and we need to remember that this is fastly becoming one of the most visited websites in the world, when someone types something on the Google or Yahoo search engines Wikipedia is ussually in the first five websites, I can't see any real improvement if we allow anonimous creation only a massive flood of work and more stress on the contributive users. - 14:54, 6 November 2007 (UTC)
We have under a day until anonymous page creation is reenabled. I intend to be on NPP at the time it occurs so I can see how quickly things change; hopefully a number of regular NPPers will do the same so we can get some immediate info on it. For that matter, there'd better be a few people other than me there — I can't even come close to handling it myself at peak times as it stands now!
A quick side note for anyone who plans to help out on CSD during the next month: If you haven't already, install the user script. It's "extremely" useful for newpage patrolling as it allows you to do things such as simultaneously tag an article for speedy deletion and warn the article's creator with a couple clicks.
I sincerely hope that things work out well, but I am not optimistic. I just hope there's a lot of admins ready to clear the CSD backlog.  ( · ) 03:56, 8 November 2007 (UTC)
It seems overwhelmingly obvious that the consensus does not exist for this, yet it is being thrust upon the project regardless. Now if it's a Foundation mandate, then so be it, but let's call it what it is. And if not, why continue to push forward with this? Surely it would be easier to implement a test with random and brief periods of anon creation rather than letting them run loose openly for a prolonged period across the whole project. It seems that in every metric, the long-standing concerns regarding the encyclopedia as of late 2007 are about improving the information depth (ie quality) and scaling back the need for breadth. I'm not saying that we don't need more articles, but I'm dubious that re-enabling anon creation will make a significant difference for genuinely needed articles, while creating exponentially greater admin overhead (admin overhead we don't really have at this moment). From the looks of the conversation above, I believe that this opinion is well within the (super?)majority. 20:21, 8 November 2007 (UTC)
TimStarling, one of the eternal ones in charge of this wikipeida thing, has decided that "it could be turned on, if by some miracle someone files a request in bugzilla and links to a page on the wiki where consensus is demonstrated". -- 01:23, 9 November 2007 (UTC)
Apparently this has all been shuffled to . Can someone who knows the template close this here discussion? -- 02:10, 9 November 2007 (UTC)

</doc>
<doc id="14191377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14191377" title="National Pescara">
National Pescara

National Pescara ("Nacional Pescara") was a government backed attempt to create a Spanish motor industry. The project was the idea of Raúl Pateras Pescara, and the first car was designed by his brother Enrique and Italian engineer Edmond Moglia. The company was set up in 1929 in Barcelona with an investment of 70 million pesetas, cars went on sale in 1930.
The car produced was called the Eight and was a twin cam inline eight-cylinder engine with a 3L capacity and driving the rear wheels. The car could be had with a selection of body styles.
In 1931 the "Sport" variation of the Nacional Pescara tuned for racing won the European Hill Climb Championship.
The company ceased to exist just before the 1936 Spanish revolution.

</doc>
<doc id="14194404" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14194404" title="Yates's">
Yates's

Yates is a British pub chain, founded as Yates Wine Lodge in Oldham, Lancashire by Peter and Simon Yates in 1884. The chain remained strongest in the North of England, though spreading nationwide.
It is Britain's oldest pub chain. Its motto was "moderation is true temperance". Peter Yates (born 22 April 1854), the founder, came from Preston. He was sent to Spain to learn about wine, and his brother went to the US to learn about business methods.
The first Yates Wine Lodge opened in Oldham in 1884. Peter died in 1944 aged 90. At one time, the company was based at 54 Carnarvon Street in Manchester.
In earlier times, it invented its own range of drinks which it called "Blobs", which consisted of sweet Australian wine and brandy, (a fortified wine), sugar, lemon and hot water. The interior of the pubs had a Victoriana feel and look.
The late 1990s Britpop hedonistic era was (financially and culturally) the most lucrative time for the pub brand. This was also the introduction of alcopops, which supercharged Britain's pub culture, and benefited Yates's.
In the next decade, it began to lose favour as a place for a night out. Many of the pubs relied on late-night drinkers (1-2am). However, as history would confirm, the pubs were the first to be visited on a "pub crawl", they were the first port of call on a night out. It was most popular on Fridays and Saturdays, and many were quieter in the early week; the pubs were not often seen as family pubs, though were regularly the start of a hen night or stag night or just the start of a "pub crawl". The reasoning being that "The Blob" was an affordable and easy start to the night, with its cheap (comparatively), high alcoholic content and being hot, it didn't take many to get the consumer "in the mood".
By 2004, it had disposed of the Victoriana feel of its pubs, and sales improved.
On 23 November 2005, the Licensing Act 2003 came into force, of which the Chief Executive of the company described it would "pour petrol on the flames" of binge drinking.
It was owned by the Yates Group plc (Yates Brothers Wine Lodges plc) from 23 July 1994. Yates Group also owned Ha! Ha! Bar & Canteen. It also operated pubs under the Blob Shop and Addisons name. In the late 1990s it could virtually do no wrong and its share price reached 550p in 1998 – its highest price.
In June 2001, it entered takeover talks with Luminar Group. In July 2001 it withdrew from takeover talks and said it would sell off 25 of its pubs, later putting 18 up for sale. On 1 November 2001 it sold 8 pubs to Morrells for £4 million, with four being in Grantham, Slough, Solihull and Tunbridge Wells.
On 7 November 2001, it announced it would not continue the "Wine Lodge" suffix on its name, and would be known only as "Yates's". It planned to open 12 pubs in 2002, with some under the "Ha! Ha!" name, which was a success.
In September 2002, Mark Jones joined the company as Chief Executive, when Mike Hennessy was Chairman. The group had 127 "Yates's" pubs and 18 "Ha! Ha!" pubs. By late 2003 it had 25 "Ha! Ha!" pubs, and in April of that year its share price had dropped to 49p.
In October 2003, Yates sold its Aussie White fortified brand to Halewood International for £1m. 
When 30% of the company was owned by the Dickson and Yates family, in June 2004 the company had a management buyout (MBO) offer funded by GI Partners. The company was valued at £98.4 million at 140p a share. The company employed 4,000 people. GI Partners only received 16% of acceptances from shareholders, not the 90% it was looking for, but the bid proceeded in October 2004.
By 2005 the group had grown to 125 "Yates's" and 25 "Ha! Ha!" bars. In April 2005, the company was approached by the Tchenguiz-owned Laurel Pub Company and a £200m merger was completed on 20 May 2005. A few weeks later Laurel bought many of the sites belonging to the bankrupt SFI group who owned Slug and Lettuce.
On 27 March 2008, Laurel was put into administration and the majority of the units were purchased by Town & City Pub Company, essentially a re-branded Laurel Pub Company. Since that time a major investment programme has been commenced which has led to the opening of a number of new Yates's across the country. In 2011 Town & City was bought by the Stonegate Pub Company, a group of former Bass pubs that included many ex-Firkin sites now trading as Goose or Scream Pubs.
There are still more than 70 Yates's pubs or bars in the UK, although there is no longer one in Oldham. The site of the original Yates's Wine Lodge is now a McDonald's and is marked by a plaque on Oldham High Street. Some Yates's have been converted to Slug and Lettuce pubs in recent years.
Yates's is best known as a late-night style of establishment, although in recent years the brand has diversified into food and family offerings to compete with others such as Wetherspoon.
Yates's Aussie White continues to be made by Halewood International and is sold in 35-centilitre, 70-centilitre and 1.5-litre containers.

</doc>
<doc id="14196303" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14196303" title="Whitby Seafoods Ltd">
Whitby Seafoods Ltd

Whitby Seafoods Ltd is an independent, family owned and managed business based in Whitby, North Yorkshire, England specialising in frozen seafood products coated in batter and breadcrumbs.
Whitby Seafoods was founded in 1985 when owner, Graham Whittle bought the then defunct Whitby Shellfish Company (trading name of Nipmark Ltd) and set out to transform the British breaded scampi industry moving premises to a 40,000 sq ft (3,700 m2) factory on the outskirts of Whitby.
Graham retired as Managing Director in October 2015 and was succeeded in the role by his son, Daniel, who alongside his sister, Laura Whittle (Sales and Marketing Director), and brother, Edward Whittle (Business Development Director) now lead the business 
Whitby Seafoods acquired Middleton Seafood’s (2007) and Rockall (2011) in Kilkeel, Northern Ireland, consolidating these into Kilkeel Seafoods and in 2014, Galloway Seafoods, (Newton Stewart, Scotland) from ScoFro .
As the largest manufacturer of scampi in Britain, Whitby Seafoods processes 7635 tonnes of scampi per annum with a current sales of £41 million. Historically business to business concern, Whitby Seafoods has in recent years launched and grown its retail presence with listings in all major retail chains in Britain with production now split 60/40 between foodservice and retail.
In 2014 Whitby Seafoods underwent a major rebranding with Perry Hayd Taylor from Big Fish, introducing Graham The Gull as mascot and the tag line ‘Bloomin Special Seafood’. New packaging emphasises a seaside feel with Beach Huts at centre stage.
A town with a rich seafaring heritage, Whitby’s economy is based predominantly on the tourism and fishing trade, and located at the mouth of the River Esk. Whitby, with the town taking great pride in being the birthplace of Dracula, Bram Stoker conceiving the character during a visit to Whitby in 1890, and being inspired by the imposing remains of the ruin of Whitby Abbey.

</doc>
<doc id="14196954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14196954" title="Oliver Typewriter Company">
Oliver Typewriter Company

The Oliver Typewriter Company was an American typewriter manufacturer headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. The Oliver Typewriter was the first effective "visible print" typewriter, meaning text was visible to the typist as it was entered. It was however preceded by the Daugherty typewriter, which was also an effective visible typewriter. Oliver typewriters were marketed heavily for home use, utilizing local distributors and sales on credit. Oliver produced more than one million machines between 1895 and 1928 and licensed its designs to several international firms.
Competitive pressure and financial troubles resulted in the company's liquidation in 1928. The company’s assets were purchased by investors who formed The British Oliver Typewriter Company, which manufactured and licensed the machines until its own closure in the late 1950s. The last Oliver typewriter was produced in 1959.
Thomas Oliver was born in Woodstock, Ontario, Canada, on August 1, 1852. Having become interested in religion, Oliver moved to Monticello, Iowa, after the death of his mother, to serve as a Methodist minister. In 1888, Oliver began to develop his first typewriter, made from strips of tin cans, as a means of producing more legible sermons. He was awarded his first typewriter patent, US Patent No. 450,107, on April 7, 1891. After four years of development, a "crude working model" composed of 500 parts had been produced. Oliver resigned his ministry and moved to Epworth, Iowa, where he found investors willing to provide $15,000 ($ in 2017) of capital, and leased a building in which to manufacture his machines.
While visiting Chicago to promote the machine, Oliver encountered businessman Delavan Smith, who became interested in the typewriter and bought the stock held by the Iowa investors. Oliver was given a 65% interest in the company and retained to continue development of the typewriter, at an annual salary of $3,000 ($ per year in 2017). Oliver died suddenly of heart disease on February 9, 1909, aged 56.
The Oliver Typewriter Company had begun operating in 1895, with its headquarters on the ninth floor of a building on the corner of Clark and Randolph Street in Chicago. In 1896, manufacturing moved from Iowa to Woodstock, Illinois, when the City of Woodstock donated a vacant factory once used by the Wheeler and Tappan Company on the condition that the Oliver Typewriter Company remain there at least five years. Manufacturing was divided into six departments: type bar, carriage, assembly, tabulators and adjustment, inspection, and an aligning room. The company's headquarters moved to the Oliver Building, now a Chicago landmark on the National Register of Historic Places, when it was completed in 1907.
Starting in 1899, the company established sales networks by encouraging customers to become local distributors. This method of marketing relied on word of mouth and emphasized sales made directly to neighbors (door-to-door) and, after 1905, sales on credit. In response to increased competition in the late 1910s, however, the company eliminated its network of local salesman and used the resulting savings in commissions to reduce the typewriter's $100 ($ in 2017) price by half. Sales increased and, at its peak, the company's labor force of 875 was producing 375 machines daily.
In addition to its offices in Illinois, the company had branch offices in Baltimore, Buffalo, Cleveland, Kansas City, Minneapolis, New York City, Omaha, St. Louis, San Francisco and Seattle, all of which closed when Oliver shifted to mail order sales in March 1917. A minor recession in 1921–22 caused a large number of customers to default on their payments, resulting in the repossession of their typewriters. The company opted not to borrow money and, in 1926, the board of directors voted to liquidate the company. Only one employee, Chester Nelson, was retained to oversee the company's liquidation.
In 1928, the Oliver Typewriter Company was sold to investors who formed the British Oliver Typewriter Company in Croydon, England. Production of Oliver’s original, three-rowed keyboard design was discontinued in 1931 when the company began to produce a rebranded model of the "Fortuna" typewriter, a four-rowed German design. In 1935, the company began to produce the Halda-Norden standard typewriter, another licensed design, as model No. 20. The company, however, had to retool its machines and return to the original Oliver design when the British government placed large orders for the three-rowed No. 15 at the outbreak of World War II.
Production of the No. 20 resumed around 1947, at which time the company began to license the Oliver name to several European manufacturing companies. The standard desktop machine was eventually discontinued in favor of portable models; the company began to sell a German design, the Siemag Standard, as the Oliver standard. In 1958, Oliver purchased the Byron Typewriter Company, previously the Barlock Typewriter Company, of Nottingham. The licensing ventures were ultimately unsuccessful, and the company's machine tools were transferred to a factory in Germany. Production of all Oliver typewriters ended in May 1959.
The general design of Oliver typewriters remained mostly unchanged throughout the company's history. The Olivers are "down strike" typewriters, meaning the typebars strike the platen (also known as the roller) from above, rather than from below ("up strike") or from the front ("front strike"). Unlike the "up strike" method, which prints text out of sight on the underside of the platen, the "down strike" is a "visible print" design, meaning the full page is visible to the typist as the text is being entered. The relatively greater striking power of the "down strike" design led Olivers to be preferred for specialty uses such as stencil cutting or "manifolding" (copying using carbon paper). The "front strike" method, a competing "visible print" design, was patented around the same time (1889–91), but an effective machine that did not interfere with the typist’s line of sight was not available until 1897 when, roughly three years after the introduction of the Oliver No. 1, the Underwood No. 1 appeared on the market.
The Oliver’s typebars are bent in a bow (forming an inverted "U" shape) and rest in "towers" on the sides of the typewriter. This design limited the machine to a three-row QWERTY keyboard as the typebars were stacked such that they grew progressively larger as more were added. The size and usability implications of adding additional keys and thus, more typebars, precluded the addition of a fourth keyboard row dedicated to numbers. Although a four-row prototype was designed in 1922, it was shelved due to the company’s financial troubles at that time. The No. 20, No. 21 and portable models produced by the British Oliver Typewriter Company had four-row keyboards.
Oliver typewriters were finished with olive green paint or nickel-plating and white or black keyboards, depending on customer preference. Beginning with model No. 3, machines were painted green except some variants to be exported to warm or damp regions, which were chrome-plated. The color was changed from green to black on the introduction of model No. 11. Oliver typewriters made for the British war effort were supplied with a "war finish".
The following models were produced in the United States between 1894 and 1928:
With the exception of model No. 2, even-numbered models were produced with extra keys (32 versus 28 keys) for sale in countries with accented languages.
The following models were produced by the British Oliver Typewriter Company between 1930 and 1942:
Oliver typewriter designs were licensed for production in several countries. Variants of model No. 3 were produced by The Linotype Company of Montreal and A. Greger & Co. of Vienna. Models produced by licensees were marketed under various names including "Courier" (Austria), "Fiver" (Germany), "Stolzenberg" (continental Europe) and "Revilo" (Argentina). The Argentinian licensee used Revilo, Oliver backwards, to avoid royalty payments on the Oliver name, which had already been registered in Argentina.

</doc>
<doc id="14198917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14198917" title="Miniatur Wunderland">
Miniatur Wunderland

Miniatur Wunderland (German for 'miniature wonderland') is a model railway attraction in Hamburg, Germany, and the largest of its kind in the world. The railway is located in the historic Speicherstadt district of the city.
In October 2016 the railway consisted of of track in H0 scale, divided into nine sections: Harz, the fictitious city of Knuffingen, the Alps and Austria, Hamburg, America, Scandinavia, Switzerland, a replica of the Hamburg Airport and Italy. Of the of floorspace, the model takes .
By 2020, the exhibit is expected to have reached its final construction phase, including at least a total of ten new sections in a model area of over . The exhibit includes 1,040 trains made up of over 10,000 carriages, ca. 385,000 lights, 130,000 trees, and 260,000 human figurines. Planning is also in progress for the construction of sections for France, England, Africa and Australia.
The construction of the first part started in December 2000 and the first three parts: Knuffingen, Central Hamburg and Austria, were completed in August 2001. The project was created by twin brothers Frederik and Gerrit Braun.
In 2012 the "Wunderland" also completed a series of diorama representing social conditions and life in various periods of German history.
"Miniatur Wunderland" has featured on the British Television Series "James May's Toy Stories" twice, with Sebastian and Gerrit helping BBC "Top Gear" presenter James May building an 00-scale Hornby model railway along the Tarka Trail abandoned railway between Barnstaple and Bideford.
It was visited in episode six of the BBC series "Great Continental Railway Journeys".

</doc>
<doc id="14200245" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14200245" title="Siemens Mobility">
Siemens Mobility

Siemens Mobility is a division of the German conglomerate Siemens. Prior to the corporate restructuring of Siemens AG (effective from 1 January 2008) Siemens Transportation Systems was the operational division most closely related to Siemens Mobility; products produced included automation and power systems, rolling stock for mass-transit, railway signalling and control systems, and railway electrification.
The group also incorporates the former railway rolling stock and locomotive division Siemens Schienenfahrzeugtechnik (Siemens Railway Technology).
Locomotives
EMU and DMU
Passenger coaches
Light Rail/Trams
People Mover
Metro/Subway
Competitors:

</doc>
<doc id="14204981" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14204981" title="Zenith Bank">
Zenith Bank

Zenith Bank is a Nigerian multinational financial services provider. It is licensed as a commercial bank, by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the central bank and national banking regulator.
Zenith Bank is a large financial service provider in Nigeria and Anglophone West Africa. As at 31 December 2016, its total assets was ₦:4,739,825 million with shareholders' equity of ₦:616,353 million The shares of stock of the company are listed on the Nigeria Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange.
The bank was established in May 1990 and commenced banking operations in July of the same year. On 17 June 2004, following a successful IPO, the bank became a public limited company. On 21 October 2004 its shares of stock were listed on the Nigeria Stock Exchange (NSE). The bank's shares are traded on the London Stock Exchange (LSE) following a listing of the $850 million worth of its shares at $6.80 each, in 2013.
Headquartered in Lagos, Nigeria, Zenith Bank Plc has more than 500 branches and business offices in all states of the federation and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT).
Zenith Bank maintains subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates, Ghana, Sierra Leone and The Gambia. The Bank also has representative offices in South Africa and China.

</doc>
<doc id="14205717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14205717" title="Renegade Kid">
Renegade Kid

Renegade Kid LLC was a video game development company that was founded in early 2007 by Jools Watsham and Gregg Hargrove. The company is known for making "" for the Nintendo DS. In 2014 the company announced that it was going to hold a Kickstarter campaign to fund an upcoming episodic first-person horror game entitled "Cult County". The campaign was ultimately unsuccessful and Renegade Kid announced that the game would still be created, but that it would take much longer to complete.
On 29 August 2016, it was announced that Renegade Kid has closed, to be replaced by two new studios: Atooi (who owns all of Renegade Kid's 2D IPs, such as "Mutant Mudds") and Infitizmo (which owns all of Renegade Kid's 3D IPs, such as "Dementium").

</doc>
<doc id="14206033" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14206033" title="PetroSun">
PetroSun

PetroSun () is an energy company specializing in oil and gas exploration and algae fuel. It is headquarters are in Scottsdale, Arizona, USA.
PetroSun uses a process called "carbon negative energy production". Organic matter is burnt in a kiln with limited oxygen (pyrolysis). This produces carbon dioxide, hydrogen and charcoal (which PetroSun calls "biochar"). The carbon dioxide is used as a feedstock to grow algae for biofuel while the hydrogen is burnt to generate electricity. The biochar, which contains a lot of carbon, is used as a fertiliser.
If the feedstock is plant matter which fixed atmospheric carbon dioxide, and part of its carbon becomes fertiliser which will not be burnt to re-release the carbon into the atmosphere, the net result is a reduction in atmospheric carbon, "i.e.". an overall carbon-negative process.

</doc>
<doc id="14210180" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14210180" title="Paperchase">
Paperchase

Paperchase is an international chain of stationery stores which were established in the United Kingdom but has since expanded into Europe, the USA and United Arab Emirates. As well as stand alone stores, in the UK there are concessions in selected Selfridges and House of Fraser stores.
Paperchase was founded by two art students, Judith Cash and Eddie Pond, around 1968. The company went through various owners before receiving investment from W H Smith in 1985; it continued to expand and in 1996 became Paperchase Products Ltd., having been bought by the existing management with investment from a venture capital fund.
In 2004 Borders Group Inc. bought out Graphite Capital, and the company grew internationally within the Borders network.
In 2007 Borders sold a majority stake in the UK and Irish division of Borders book stores to Risk Capital for £10 million.
In May 2008, the Borders Group announced it was considering selling its 97% share to one of either HgCapital, Isis Equity Partners or Change Capital, with W H Smith interested in putting in a £50 million bid – 12 years after selling it at £1 million.
With the administration and closure of Borders (UK) in late 2009, the company lost a large presence on the British high street as there was a Paperchase concession within every UK Borders. The UK division of Borders separated from its parent and the owner of Paperchase in 2007, and all Borders stores closed on 22 December 2009. To replace these lost UK retail sites, Paperchase concessions were formed in a number of HMV and Waterstones stores during 2010.
In 2010, an MBO was completed and the company is now owned by Primary Capital and its board of directors.
In September 2010, Paperchase launched an online store, built on the Venda ecommerce platform.
As of January 2013, the company has over 130 retail points of sale, made of up a mix of concessions and standalone stores. These are primarily based in the UK, with several in Dubai and a few in Denmark, The Netherlands, France and Germany. One of their flagship stores is on Tottenham Court Road and is known as 'Paperchase Heaven' and another in Manchester A new store opened in the White Rose Centre in Leeds in June 2013 and in March 2013 another flagship store was opened in Buchanan Street in Glasgow
In 2013, Paperchase occupied the former Barratts Shoes store in Jersey. Barratts closed the Jersey store just before it went into administration.
In February 2010 the company was accused of stealing artwork created by an independent British artist. Hidden Eloise. An artist working for the agency Gather No Moss eventually admitted tracing the artwork.

</doc>
<doc id="14211432" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14211432" title="Kronos Incorporated">
Kronos Incorporated

Kronos Incorporated is a U.S.-based multi-national workforce management software and services company headquartered in Chelmsford, Massachusetts, United States, and employing more than 5,000 people worldwide.
Kronos was founded in 1977 by Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) alumnus Mark S. Ain. Under Mark Ain's leadership, Kronos sustained one of the longest records of growth and profitability as a public company in software industry history. Ain's brother, Aron Ain, succeeded him as chief executive officer in 2005 with Mark Ain becoming executive chairman of the Board of Directors.
Originally a manufacturer of time clocks, the majority of Kronos revenue is now derived from software and services. The company provides cloud applications for workforce management and human capital management, as well as consulting, education, and support services to its customers.
In March 2007, Kronos was bought out for US$1.74 billion by the lead investor Hellman & Friedman and the secondary investor JMI Equity. In 2014, private equity firms Blackstone and GIC invested in Kronos alongside Hellman & Friedman and JMI Equity. In the transaction, Kronos was valued at $4.5 billion.[https://www.wsj.com/articles/SB10001424052702303775504579394062394276616 [*]]
Kronos has conducted 71 acquisitions, some of the most notable including: 
The Third Circuit Court of Appeals enforced a subpoena seeking production of documents by Kronos, Inc., in an administrative charge before the EEOC alleging disability discrimination. The charge was brought by an individual job applicant against Kroger Food Co., who did not hire the job applicant and used a Kronos assessment as part of its hiring process. EEOC v. Kronos Incorporated, Civ. Act. No. 11-2834 (September 14, 2012, Third Circuit).
Kronos, which was not a party to the litigation, objected to the EEOC’s subpoena on the basis that the information requested was irrelevant, and production would require Kronos to disclose protected trade secret information. While the District Court sustained nearly all of these objections, the Third Circuit found that the District Court had abused its discretion in limiting the scope of the subpoena to documents pertaining to certain of the assessment tests.
This Kronos assessment, among other things, measures five personality attributes that collectively constitute the "five factor" model: conscientiousness; agreeableness; extroversion; openness; and neuroticism. The Five Factor Model is a "dimensional" model of personality. A "dimension" refers to a continuum on which an individual can have various levels of a characteristic, in contrast to the dichotomous categorical approach in which an individual does or does not possess a characteristic. In the dimensional models of personality disorders, personality disorders are classified according to which characteristics are expressed at which levels. This stands in contrast to the traditional categorical models of classification, which are based on the Boolean presence or absence of symptoms and do not take into account levels of expression of a characteristic or its underlying dimension.
When using selection tests, or when contracting with others to administer such tests, employers need to make sure of three things in particular: First, the tests must have been properly validated for the specific positions and purposes to be used (meaning the test or other selection device must be job-related and its results appropriate for the employer's purpose). Second, the tests must be administered without regard to race, color, national origin, sex, religion, age, disability, or any other protected characteristic. Third, the tests must be routinely reviewed to be sure that they continue to be non-discriminatory as applied and from an adverse impact standpoint. Kronos contends that its assessments are compliant with all applicable requirements.

</doc>
<doc id="14212067" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14212067" title="Harvard Apparatus">
Harvard Apparatus

Harvard Apparatus is a major US manufacturer of specialized physiological research laboratory equipment with current headquarters in Holliston, Massachusetts
Harvard Apparatus was founded in 1901 by William Townsend Porter, a physiologist at Harvard Medical School. Frustrated by the lack of high quality and cost-effective equipment then available, Porter began manufacturing physiology teaching equipment in a machine shop that he created on the medical school campus. This shop supplied equipment to Harvard Medical School and provided surplus equipment to other schools. Charles W. Eliot, the president of Harvard University, although supportive of Porter's work and mission, was concerned that Porter's enterprise would be viewed as a commercial venture operating on nontaxed property. So, in 1901 Eliot secured capital for Porter to found the Harvard Apparatus Company, which was moved off the Harvard campus to a converted barn in Dover, Massachusetts.
The company invented the mechanical syringe pump in the 1950s and introduced the first microprocessor controlled syringe pumps in the 1980s. Harvard Apparatus also developed first volume controlled- and then pressure controlled ventilators, pulsatile blood pumps, transducers, amplifiers, recorders, glassware and many other specialized bioscience research products.
Harvard Apparatus is now part of the Harvard Bioscience Inc. family of companies. Harvard Bioscience (Nasdaq: HBIO) is a global developer, manufacturer and marketer of scientific instruments. Its products are sold to thousands of researchers in over 100 countries; the company has offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, Sweden, France, and China.

</doc>
<doc id="14214266" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14214266" title="Truvo">
Truvo

Truvo (formerly World Directories and Promedia) is a Belgian company specialising in local search and advertising. Its products include Yellow Pages websites and print directories.
Truvo, formerly World Directories, is a Belgian yellow pages business operating in the local search and advertising market and has around 500 employees. The print and online platforms are monthly used by more than 10 million people. Truvo offers a range of complementary services, in print, on-line, telephony and mobile.
In July 2010 Truvo entered Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . In December 2010 it emerged from this process with a greatly reduced debt and lower costs . The company was then taken over by its former owner's banks . The company's revenues however continue to fall and there is no plan to pay off the remaining 475mio debt .
In December 2011 Standard and Poor's lowered its credit rating on Truvo because of its debt burden and declining business performance . It also predicted a credit default sometime in 2012; according to S&P this would amount to bankruptcy and reorganisation as a going concern .
At the same time Truvo announced the sale of its Irish operating unit to a Baltic company and the departure of all top executives except the CEO .
In 2011, Truvo sold its Irish operations. In late 2012 Truvo quietly sold off its Portuguese and South African interests; no press releases or external communications were issued apart from some references on the corporate website . At the same time Moodys and Standard and Poors both maintain a pessimistic view of the company's prospects . They state that the company's covenant test waivers will expire in early 2013. This can lead to a credit event triggering a default scenario like in 2010. In such a case the company could be declared bankrupt and reorganised as a going concern or possibly liquidated.
As of the time of writing its review site SaySo continues in operation but traffic remains at negligible levels.
Currently it is debranding, reverting from using the Truvo name to its original name ( e.g. goudengids.be). Revenues for 2012 continue the falling trend and debt continues to remain high .
Truvo has no longer any business operations outside Belgium. However it still maintains a legacy software operation in Amsterdam, Netherlands even though all IT work is done in Belgium. The Amsterdam staff consists mostly of expat workers supporting, among others, the failed Sayso review website.

</doc>
<doc id="14214279" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14214279" title="Unipol">
Unipol

Unipol Gruppo Finanziario is an Italian financial services holding company operating in the insurance and banking fields with headquarters in the Unipol Tower, Bologna. As of 2009 it was ranked as the country's fourth-largest insurer.
The company trades under a number of brands, for insurance it uses the brands UnipolSai Assicurazioni, Linear Assicurazioni, Linear Life, UniSalute and Arca Vita; and for banking Unipol Banca.
Unipol Assicurazioni was founded in 1962 in Bologna as a cooperative provider of non-life insurance.
In 1995 the company entered a partnership arrangement with the banking group Casse Emiliano Romagnole, whereby Unipol sold its products through the bank's networks. The partnership also involved complex deals in ownership. As at 31 December 1995, Unipol owned 3.64% shares of CAER; CAER in turn owned 9.80% shares of Unipol's parent company Finsoe. CAER also owned Banca dell'Economia Cooperativa through 6.99% shares owned by CAER directly, as well as an additional 13% shares of the bank owned by CAER's subsidiary Cassa di Risparmio in Bologna (Carisbo). Through Carisbo's subsidiary, FINCAER, the bank group also purchased a minority ownership from Unipol in UniSalute (9.9%) and in Noricum Assicurazioni (34%), In 1996 FINCAER had a minority ownership in Linear Assicurazioni (20%), as well as the ownership in Noricum which increased to 44%.
Since 1998 Unipol started to build their own bank networks, to sell their own products, which gave birth to Unipol Banca. In the same year Unipol founded a 50-50 joint venture company Quadrifoglio Vita with Banca Agricola Mantovana. In December 2000 Unipol purchased 51% shares of BNL Vita, a joint venture with Banca Nazionale del Lavoro from Assicurazioni Generali.
In 2001 Unipol bought back the 9.9% shares of UniSalute and 20% of Linear Assicurazioni. Cardine Banca (ex-CAER) also sold all the shares of Unipol Banca and Finsoe to third parties.
In December 2003 Unipol subscribed to the capital increases of Reti Bancarie, a sub-holding company of Banca Popolare Italiana for €173.4 million. In return Aurora Assicurazioni got the rights to sell their products in the bank networks of Reti Bancarie. BPI was involved in a failed takeover of Antonveneta, part of the "bancopoli" that was exposed in 2005. In early 2006 Unipol's takeover bid of Banca Nazionale del Lavoro was rejected by Banca d'Italia. BNL was acquired by BNP Paribas instead, consequently the French company acquired 4.5% shares of Unipol's parent company Finsoe.
After the failed takeover bid Unipol saw its CEO Giovanni Consorte resign in the midst of the "bancopoli" scandal. Consorte was later convicted for insider trading. Under Consorte's replacements Pierluigi Stefanini and Carlo Salvatori, the company underwent extensive restructuring in 2007.
Under the restructure scheme, Unipol Assicurazioni (also known as Compagnia Assicuratrice Unipol) was to be renamed as Unipol Gruppo Finanziario, and a new subsidiary Unipol Assicurazioni would be set up.
As at 31 December 2007 the holding company controlled five insurance companies: Unipol Assicurazioni (100%), Aurora Assicurazioni (100%), Linear Assicurazioni (100%), Navale Assicurazioni (99.83%) and UniSalute (98.48%).
In 2008 Quadrifoglio Vita was sold to AXA.
In 2010 a 60% stake of Arca Vita was bought from Banca Popolare dell'Emilia Romagna (BPER) and Banca Popolare di Sondrio (BPSO); a 31.56% minority stake of Arca Assicurazioni was acquired from BPER, BPSO, Banca Popolare di Marostica, Credito Siciliano and Banca Popolare Sant'Angelo.
In 2011 BNP Paribas bought back BNL Vita from Unipol.
In 2014 [new] Unipol Assicurazioni, a subsidiary of Unipol was merged with Milano Assicurazioni, Premafin (a holding company related to Fondiaria-Sai) and Fondiaria-Sai to form UnipolSai.

</doc>
<doc id="14214307" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14214307" title="Halcrow Group">
Halcrow Group

Halcrow Group Limited was a multinational engineering consultancy company, based in the United Kingdom
Halcrow was one of the UK's largest consultancies, with origins stretching back to 1868. The UK-based consultancy specialised in the provision of planning, design and management services for infrastructure development worldwide. With interests in transportation, water, maritime and property, the company undertook commissions in over 70 countries from a network of more than 90 offices. In 2011, the company was acquired by US firm CH2M Hill, and in 2013 it was announced that the Halcrow brand would eventually be discontinued. The parent subsequently (2015) rebranded the whole group to CH2M.
The company was founded in 1868 by civil engineer Thomas Meik, and originally bore his name, and later those of his sons, Patrick and Charles. It worked extensively on port, maritime and railway projects in the North of England, in Wales and in Scotland, before undertaking its first commissions outside the UK in the 1890s.
During the first half of the 20th century, William Halcrow (later Sir William) established the firm in other areas, notably tunnelling and hydroelectric schemes.
The firm had several previous names, including CS Meik and Buchanan (1920), CS Meik and Halcrow (1923), WT Halcrow and Partners (1941), Sir William Halcrow and Partners (1944), and, finally, Halcrow Group (1998).
Halcrow's consultancy work included water, transportation, maritime, environment, power and property projects. Its customers included government departments, public sector authorities and utilities, industrial and commercial companies, international funding agencies and financial institutions.
In 2008, the company reported a turnover of £468 million. Projects undertaken outside the UK accounted for 48% of turnover. Owned and managed by its employees and staff shareholders, Halcrow remained an independent firm until 2011. On 10 November 2011 CH2M Hill announced that it had completed the acquisition of Halcrow for £124m.
It was subsequently reported that Halcrow was effectively rescued by CH2M Hill, having incurred a pre-tax loss of £71m in its last year of independent trading (to 31 December 2011), on a turnover of £238m, down from £331m in 2010. Accounts lodged with Companies House showed that CH2M Hill's financial backing was crucial to Halcrow’s survival; the US firm agreed a secured loan to the company in December 2012 without which there would have been doubt regarding the firm’s ability to continue as a going concern.

</doc>
<doc id="14215702" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14215702" title="TalkTalk Group">
TalkTalk Group

TalkTalk Telecom Group plc (commonly known as TalkTalk Group, trading as TalkTalk) is a company which provides pay television, telecommunications, Internet access, and mobile network services to businesses and consumers in the United Kingdom. It was founded in 2003 as a subsidiary of Carphone Warehouse and was demerged as a standalone company in March 2010. Its headquarters are in London.
Originally just a provider of fixed line telephony services to consumers, TalkTalk now offers fixed and mobile telephony and broadband services to consumers under the TalkTalk brand, and telephony and broadband services to business customers under the TalkTalk Business brand. Like some other UK broadband providers, TalkTalk has invested in its own exchange infrastructure, known as local-loop-unbundling (LLU), with 92% of its customer base unbundled as of December 2012. Since August 2012, TalkTalk has become the UK's second quadruple play service after Virgin Media, offering TV, broadband, phone, and mobile services.
TalkTalk is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The company has been rated multiple times among the worst landline and broadband providers.
The Carphone Warehouse's acquisition of Opal Telecom in November 2002 gave it its own switching network providing access to BT Wholesale's landline network. An initial trial was conducted in the Manchester region, and three months later, "TalkTalk" launched with a guarantee that calls would be cheaper than with their perceived chief competitor BT. TalkTalk Broadband was launched in November 2004.
On 11 April 2006, TalkTalk launched a new broadband service which was promoted as "Free broadband forever" and which offered up to 8 Mbit/s with a 40 GB monthly usage limit for life to all subscribers to their Talk3 International telephone tariff at £20.99/month. Conditions included signing up for a minimum 18-month contract and a £29.99 initial connection fee. That same year, the Advertising Standards Authority (ASA) challenged the legitimacy of TalkTalk's claim that this service was truly "free". Due to the high number of customers who signed up to the free broadband service, the "Free broadband forever" launch suffered complaints with regard to a long waiting list to join the broadband programme and many difficulties in contacting TalkTalk customer services. In a "Sunday Times" interview, TalkTalk chairman Charles Dunstone admitted that Carphone's TalkTalk business was "struggling to cope" with the more than 400,000 customers who signed up for high-speed Internet access in the time since the service launched. TalkTalk allowed customers to escape the binding 18-month contract for broadband "if it had failed to keep its service commitments in their case". To the "Mail on Sunday", Dunstone stated "In about 20% of customers there is some kind of problem with the phone exchange, the line, or something else. A customer satisfaction poll by uSwitch in November 2006 placed TalkTalk and Orange joint bottom for customer satisfaction.
By 2005, TalkTalk had 2.5 million customers following the acquisitions of the UK subsidiaries of Tele2 for £11.5 million and One.Tel for £169.6 million. Carphone Warehouse purchased the UK ISP business of AOL in October 2006 for £370m and renamed it AOL Broadband. This had risen to 2.7 million customers by January 2009.
In November 2008, Charles Dunstone was reported to be looking to demerge TalkTalk from the main Carphone Warehouse business. The split was confirmed in April 2009, with plans for TalkTalk to become a separate listed company.
Carphone Warehouse agreed to purchase the UK subsidiary of Tiscali in May 2009 for £236 million. The purchase was approved by the European Union Competition Commission in June 2009, and the sale was completed on 6 July 2009. Carphone Warehouse confirmed the business would merge into TalkTalk ahead of the planned demerger. The Carphone Warehouse's full-year earnings statement in November 2009 revealed the TalkTalk customer base had risen to 4.1 million following the purchase of Tiscali UK earlier in the year. Tiscali UK closed to new business on 7 January 2010, and its portal content moved to the TalkTalk website.
In March 2010, TalkTalk and Carphone Warehouse demerged becoming publicly listed companies. Dido Harding became CEO of TalkTalk and Roger Taylor CEO of New Carphone Warehouse.
In January 2010, TalkTalk launched a protest against the introduction of the Digital Economy Act 2010, and released a video protesting against the law called "Home taping is killing music". Upon the passing of the bill TalkTalk issued a statement on the company blog confirming it would resist attempts to use the bill against their customers.
In a study carried out by UK telecoms regulator Ofcom in 2010, TalkTalk was found to have average speeds of 7.7-9.3 Mbit/sec, while it was advertised as "up to" 24 Mbit/sec.
TalkTalk was warned by the independent communications regulator Ofcom in November 2010 to rectify its billing systems after 62,000 incorrect bills were sent out. The company was given a deadline to correct the mistakes, which it did not meet, and in August 2011 was duly fined £3 million. Ofcom's figures showed that TalkTalk had incorrectly billed over 65,000 customers between 1 January 2010 and 4 March 2011, mainly relating to issues with integrating Tiscali UK's billing system into its own. The company had been overcharging customers for services that had not been received, resulting in the company paying an additional £2.5 million in refunds.
In November 2014, TalkTalk reached an agreement to purchase the ADSL business of Virgin Media, allowing Virgin to focus on its cable broadband offering. Customers were due to begin transferring to TalkTalk from February 2015.
On 8 January 2015, it was confirmed that TalkTalk would purchase the on-demand entertainment service Blinkbox and broadband business of Tesco for around £5 million. The purchase of Blinkbox was finalised immediately, and the transfer of broadband and home telephone customers was due to be completed by the end of 2015. TalkTalk confirmed it would merge Blinkbox into its existing services.
Also in early 2015, TalkTalk transferred 108,000 broadband customers outside its LLU network to Fleur Telecom, a subsidiary of Daisy Group.
In October 2015, TalkTalk experienced a "significant and sustained cyber-attack", during which personal and banking details of up to four million customers is thought to have been accessed. TalkTalk stated they had received a ransom demand from a group claiming to be responsible. Some customers complained that they were targeted by criminals before TalkTalk disclosed the cyber-attack, and the Chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee said "Suggestions that TalkTalk has covered up both the scale and duration of this attack ... must be thoroughly investigated."
Having initially stated that all its customers might have been affected, on 24 October TalkTalk issued a statement saying that a "materially lower" amount of customers’ financial information was stolen, and that the stolen data was not sufficient for money to be taken from bank accounts. On 6 November, TalkTalk stated that the impact of the breach was "much more limited than initially suspected", adding that 156,959 customer accounts were involved, from which 15,656 sort codes and bank account numbers had been taken. This amounts to 4% of customers whose financial data is compromised. There were 28,000 partial credit and debit cards stolen, but as these were "obscured" they could not be used. TalkTalk stated the lost data had not been encrypted, but they were not legally required to encrypt it.
The attack cost £42m to TalkTalk and 101,000 subscribers left in the aftermath of the attack. On 5 October 2016, TalkTalk was fined £400,000 by the Information Commissioner's Office for its negligence on securing clients data.
On 1 December 2016, TalkTalk routers where infected with a modified version of the Mirai malware, leaving more than 360,000 customers without Internet access, because of the inability of TalkTalk to keep the routers securely updated. The malware stole the Wi-Fi passwords of the routers. The handling of the Wi-Fi password breach was criticised by several cyber-security experts.
TalkTalk provide broadband and landline telephone services for private households. The company provides these services generally together in packages, but also separately.
Services were also provided under the AOL Broadband brand, which has been used under licence since Carphone Warehouse bought the ISP. AOL Broadband closed to new business in 2014, although some AOL content is available to TalkTalk customers.
Customers are also offered "Homesafe", a network-level online security and website blocking system that TalkTalk introduced in 2011. The system is aimed at parents who want to filter web content such as pornography or violence.
The company is one of seven partners in the television venture YouView, and provides IPTV services including access to YouView. It first inherited an IPTV service from the purchase of Tiscali, and renamed it TalkTalk TV in January 2010. TalkTalk closed the service to new business that year and in August 2012 introduced its new service including YouView, TalkTalk Plus TV.
In late 2010 TalkTalk launched a mobile telephone service called TalkTalk Mobile, which operates as a mobile virtual network operator on the Vodafone UK network. TalkTalk have also launched a mobile broadband dongle which allows users to access the Internet on the move although you already need to be an existing TalkTalk customer to sign up to these services.
On November 17, 2014 TalkTalk Mobile announced its intention to switch its MVNO from Vodafone to O2.
The TalkTalk brand was launched with a number of high-profile TV advertisements in 2003, featuring the former public face of BT, Maureen Lipman. TalkTalk's first slogan, "It's good to talk, but it's better to TalkTalk", mocked BT's own "It's good to talk" slogan.
In recent years, TalkTalk has invested heavily and won several awards for creativity.
In 2004 TalkTalk won the sponsorship rights to "Big Brother" from the UK mobile firm O2. Sponsorship continued until the racism controversy of "Celebrity Big Brother 2007" after which the company retracted its sponsorship agreement.
TalkTalk began sponsoring "The X Factor" in 2008, and extended the agreement with ITV plc in May 2013.
In 2005 TalkTalk was accused of using the practice of telephone slamming (changing consumers' residential phone line over to a new provider without their consent). Some cases were linked to instances of mis-selling by sales people on the doorstep or by telephone; other consumers reported that their personal data had been misused after buying mobile telephones from Carphone Warehouse.
In November 2012 the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) publicly listed TalkTalk as one of a number of companies that it had concerns about due to unsolicited telephone calls for marketing. The concerns were based on complaints. In response, TalkTalk said that it was working with the ICO to address any issues, that the ICO did not plan any enforcement action against it, and that the number of complaints about its telephone marketing calls had fallen.
In early 2008 it was announced that TalkTalk had entered into an agreement (along with BT and Virgin Media) with the former spyware company Phorm to intercept and analyse their users' click-stream data, and sell the anonymised aggregate information as part of Phorm's OIX advertising service. At the time, TalkTalk confirmed that the new Phorm system, when implemented, would be a strictly opt-in service. In July 2009, Charles Dunstone, CEO of TalkTalk Group announced that TalkTalk had withdrawn plans to introduce Phorm, along with a similar announcement from BT in the same week.
On 26 July 2010, "The Register" reported that TalkTalk had begun harvesting URLs accessed by TalkTalk customers as part of a new anti-malware system it is developing in conjunction with Huawei, the manufacturer of its network servers. When a user accesses a web page, the URL is harvested and the servers issue the same URL request with the intention of checking the site for malicious code. TalkTalk claims that no personally identifiable information is being harvested however, like Phorm, some users argue there are some potential legal issues with this harvesting of information. Under relevant UK legislation, URLs are deemed communications content and interception without permission is prohibited.
Though TalkTalk never offered its services to customers in the Republic of Ireland, the company maintained customer service centres in Waterford and Sligo. The Sligo centre, originally opened for Toucan, closed in 2010 with the loss of 160 jobs. Some employees were transferred to the centre in Waterford, which at the time was advertising 60 positions.
On 7 September 2011 it was announced that the Waterford call centre would cease operations within 30 days. There was speculation in the Irish press that the jobs would be relocated to Southeast Asia and the UK. The Government of Ireland and its agencies criticised how TalkTalk and its subsidiary TalkTalk Ireland Ltd. dealt with the job losses. The TalkTalk call centre in Waterford closed on 7 October 2011, with the loss of over 570 jobs.

</doc>
<doc id="14218072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14218072" title="Interbank">
Interbank

Interbank is a Peruvian provider of financial services.
In 1897, Elias Mujica opened an agency at Jiron de la Union in Lima's historical center under the name of "Banco Internacional". In 1934, branches were opened in Chiclayo and Arequipa, and later expansions included Piura, Sullana and other places in Peru.
Under the military government of Juan Velasco Alvarado, in 1970, the national bank (Banco de la Nacion) purchased "Banco Internacional" and changed its name to "Banca Asociada del Pais". Ten years later, under the democratic government of Fernando Belaunde Terry, the bank changed its name to "InterBanc" but it was still property of the Peruvian government.
On July 20, 1994, Carlos Rodriguez-Pastor Senior along with several North American businessmen purchased 91% of the bank's stocks. The new owners changed the name to "Interbank".
In 2004, Interbank bought the supermarket chain Supermercados Santa Isabel from the transnational Ahold, and they founded Supermercados Peruanos. They have offices inside Vivanda and Plaza Vea stores. Currently, Interbank has 230 branches, called "tiendas" or stores, over 1,500 ATMs, and over 1,500 Interbank Agentes in Peru.
Interbank provides ATM services under the GlobalNet brand which accept debit and credit cards from around the world, as well as permitting cash deposits. Interbank also provides change machines which exchange notes for coins.
Utility bills can be paid at Interbank branches.

</doc>
<doc id="14218362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14218362" title="American Internet Services">
American Internet Services

American Internet Services (AIS) is a data center and cloud computing services provider in San Diego, California, US. AIS provides cloud computing, colocation, Internet service, disaster recovery, high availability, managed security, managed storage, structured cabling, and other IT infrastructure services.
AIS service offerings are as follows:
AIS has completed the SOC 1, 2, and 3 Type II audit examinations for each facility. AIS has also completed the Title 21 CFR Part 11 audit of the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) guidelines on electronic records and electronic signatures (ERES). These audits were conducted by public accounting firm Moss Adams. Periodic audits validate that AIS has the appropriate procedures and controls in place to safeguard client data, equipment, and connectivity.
Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3 Service Management procedures drive the Change Management and Incident Management process at AIS. ITIL is the de facto IT service management global standard and is a comprehensive, non-proprietary, and publicly available set of “best practices” guidelines.
Businesses of all sizes and industries use AIS services.
Founded in 1989, American Internet Services, LLC was created through the combination of several U.S. telecommunication companies:
On September 18, 2008, AIS was acquired by Seaport Capital, Viridian Investments, and DuPont Capital Management. Seaport Capital also invested in Peak 10 and Switch and Data data center facilities.

</doc>
<doc id="14219727" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14219727" title="GSKB Almaz-Antey">
GSKB Almaz-Antey

JSC GSKB Almaz-Antey named after A.A. Raspletin (, former SB-1, 1947–50; "KB-1", 1950–66; "MKB Strela", 1966–71; "TsKB Almaz", 1971–88; "NPO Almaz", 1988–2008) is a Soviet/Russian military R&D enterprise founded in 1947. It is the core of the Almaz-Antey holding. Headquarters – Moscow, Leningradsky av., 80.
Since 1955 KB-1 developed such air defence missile systems S-25, S-75, S-125, S-200, S-300, S-400 Triumf, S-300PMU and S-300PMU2, and recently S-350E Vityaz missile system.
Since 30 November 2009 by the decision of the board of directors of Almaz-Antey 4 joint-stock companies were reorganised and joined NPO Almaz to form GSKB joint venture, namely NIEMI, NIIRP, MNIIRE Altair and MNIIPA. GSKB strengthen its position as the head developer of Almaz-Antey holdings, became Head System Design Bureau ().
NIIRP scientific & research center is developing the Joint system of air and ballistic missile defense (). Earlier, NIIRP successfully developed the A-135 BMD system together with Amur-P multi-channel firing system which were put into operation to protect Moscow on 17 February 1995. Its predecessor also designed by NIIRP, the A-35 and A-35M BMD systems, defended Moscow since 1977.
In February 2011, it was announced that the first S-500 missile systems should be in serial production by 2014. There will be also a version of the system called S-1000.

</doc>
<doc id="14220839" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14220839" title="Overture Networks">
Overture Networks

Overture Networks was a company that designed, manufactured, and marketed networking and telecommunications equipment. Overture was headquartered in Research Triangle Park (RTP), North Carolina and also maintained offices in Westford, MA and Bangalore, India.
Overture was a member of the Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF). It also held a TL 9000 certification which it received from the QuEST Forum in May 2007.
In January 2016, Overture was acquired by telecommunications vendor ADVA Optical Networking.
In 2000, Overture was launched by co-founders Jeff Reedy and Prayson Pate to develop solutions designed to help service providers and network operators transition to an all-packet network. In December 2008, Overture Networks acquired Ceterus Networks, a Richardson, Texas-based manufacturer of Carrier Ethernet equipment and technologies for mobile backhaul. In March 2011, Overture merged with Hatteras Networks, the number one-ranked Ethernet over Copper market leader and manufacturer of Ethernet service delivery solutions for the Carrier Ethernet, Metro Ethernet, and DSLAM and mobile wireless backhaul markets. Post-merger, the unified company operated under the Overture Networks name until February 2012, when a rebranding initiative was announced. Marking the final integration of the two companies, Overture introduced a new logo, color palette, company blog, and tagline, "Overture - An Entrance to a Smarter Network", and informally dropped "Networks" from its name.
Beginning in 2008, and continuing through 2009, 2010, and 2011, Overture was named as the number one provider of Ethernet over TDM (EoTDM) access circuits and Ethernet over bonded copper pair (EoC) platforms by analyst firm Heavy Reading.
In September 2012, Overture appointed former Ciena Corporation Senior VP of Global Field Operations, General Manager of Global Government Solutions, and VP of Americas, Mike Aquino, as its new President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO).
Overture announced the company's entry into the Software-Defined Networking (SDN) space in March 2012 with the launch of a new product, "Ensemble OSA". "Ensemble OSA" is an open architecture based on open API standards like OpenFlow and has three layers, which may include Overture-developed components, as well as those developed by service providers or third-party vendors. Overture followed this with the release of the Overture 6500, the first "Ensemble OSA"-ready platform and the inaugural product in its Open Service Delivery Family product line.
In January 2016, Overture was acquired by ADVA Optical Networking in a $35 million purchase which was reported to involve "an additional $5 million conditional 'earn-out' payment".
Overture's products were generally used in the following solution categories: business services, mobile backhaul, Ethernet transport and infrastructure for speeds from 1 Mbit/s to 10 Gbit/s, and SDN. The company's products addressed these core applications using a range of access technologies including optical Ethernet, Ethernet over bonded copper, Ethernet over TDM/SONET/SDH/PDH, and multi-service Carrier Ethernet that supported TDM pseudo-wires and IP service aggregation using VLANs. Targeted to users such as competitive local exchange carriers, incumbent local exchange carriers, cable companies, and wholesale ISPs, its technologies were used in applications and settings like cloud computing, data center services, and mobile data services. Overture Network's products achieved MEF 9, 14, and 18 certifications.
Overture serviced more than 450 service providers and network operators in 45 countries worldwide. Among the company's major customers were BellSouth (now AT&T), Cavalier Telephone,
COLT, Internode, Integra Telecom, IPC Systems, MASERGY, One Connect Limited, Optivon, PAETEC, THUS, tw telecom, Verizon Business, Veroxity, Windstream Communications, and XO Communications.
The company also established and maintained a network of distributor and reseller, OEM, service and support, system integrator, and technology alliance partners. Among its partners were Alcatel-Lucent, ADVA Optical Networking, Cyan, Telent, and Walker and Associates.
Corporate, product, and personnel awards won by Overture include the following:

</doc>
<doc id="14222059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14222059" title="The Good Guys (Australian company)">
The Good Guys (Australian company)

The Good Guys is a chain of consumer electronics retail stores in Australia and formerly New Zealand. Its national headquarters is based in the Melbourne suburb of Essendon Fields. The company was founded by Ian Muir and following his death in 2009 ownership of the chain remains with the Muir family.
Ian Muir began retailing electrical goods in the Melbourne suburb of Essendon in 1952. Initial growth was slow, with 14 stores across Victoria and Queensland trading under the brand name Mighty Muir by 1992, when Ian and son Andrew renamed the chain of stores "The Good Guys". A strong advertising campaign in 1998 resulted in increased sales, driving rapid expansion of stores across the country. By 2009, the chain had grown to 89 stores across Australia. In 2016 there were 101 stores.
In January 2010, the retailer announced plans to expand into the New Zealand market, opening its first store in May at Wairau Valley in North Shore. A second store at Botany Downs opened in July, followed by a third in Manukau. By June 2014, there were five stores across the Auckland Metropolitan Area when the company announced it would pull out of the New Zealand Market citing poor returns. Following the announcement, The Warehouse Group agreed to take over the leases of the Good Guys stores and re-employ most of their local staff.
The Good Guys received the initial Choice award for best retailer in 2010 and the annual Roy Morgan Customer Satisfaction Award for 2011 in the furniture/electronics retail category. The latter award, presented by market research firm Roy Morgan Research is based on feedback from customers and heads of business from all over Australia.
The company has moved away from its "Pay Less, Pay Cash" slogan, opting for the simpler catchphrase "Pay Less, Pay Less".
Good Guys stores mainly operate as joint venture partnerships between individual store proprietors and the Muir family, although about 40% of the group is corporately owned. The JV model has proven successful and operates such that store proprietors own half the store operation and operate it as their own business. The Good Guys stores are generally large warehouse type stores and rely on volume in sales.
The company also offers a 30-day price guarantee, whereby customers who find a lower advertised price at a competing store after purchasing may be eligible to receive a 120% refund on the price difference between the two products. In 2015 The Good Guys introduced "Concierge" programs across its Australian stores. This was a direct replacement of the old "extended warranties" system that the stores had in place.
In 2010, competitor JB Hi-Fi were reported as interested in purchasing the chain for a reported sum of $750 million, however, the parties could not reach agreement and the deal was not finalised. It has also been reported that both Wesfarmers and the US based Blackstone Group had expressed interest in purchasing the chain. Analysts value the business at close to $600 million, however it is believed the Muir family will not sell for less than $1 billion. The organisation of the company with stores being held in joint ownership has added complexity to negotiations with potential buyers. 
In September 2016 JB Hi-Fi announced a takeover bid worth $870 million.
In 2010, The Good Guys established The Good Foundation and in partnership with celebrity chef Jamie Oliver and the Queensland state government funded the establishment of the first Australian Ministry of Food centre in Ipswich, west of Brisbane. The Foundation aims to encourage and support programs and initiatives that have the potential to improve the health and social welfare of communities across Australia, with particular regard to tackling obesity, poor nutrition and diet by raising awareness of the impact of these issues on the health care system.
All Good Guys stores participate in the Local Giving Program. Through this program, a percentage of every online and instore transaction is donated to community organisations in the local area surrounding the store. Each store generally supports more than one organisation and features a token box, where customers are encouraged to vote for their preferred charity by placing a token given with their receipt in a corresponding slot.

</doc>
<doc id="14222647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14222647" title="Chocolat Frey">
Chocolat Frey

Chocolat Frey AG, based in Buchs in the Swiss Canton of Aargau, manufactures chocolate and chewing gum. The products of the leading chocolate manufacturer on the Swiss chocolate market are sold both in Switzerland and abroad under the brand name of Frey as well as additional private labels. The company, founded in 1887, is a business entreprise of the M-Industry and has been a part of the Migros Group since 1950.
Frey was founded in 1887 by the brothers Robert (31 December 1861 – 3 March 1940) and Max Frey (9 March 1863 – 17 December 1933). Both had already gained experience with the manufacture of chocolate before establishing the family business. After his training as a commercial employee with the company "S.A. de la Fabrique des Chocolats Amédée Kohler et fils" in Paris, Robert dealt with machines for the manufacture of chocolate in the engineering works "Riccard & Greiss". Max completed his commercial apprenticeship with the company "Cramer-Frey" in Zurich, for which he was eventually also active in Brazil. On 17 December 1887, they founded the general partnership "R. & M. Frey" in Aarau.
The development of the conche in 1879 advanced the industrial production of chocolate greatly. Robert was already familiar with this technique and he was able to integrate it in his company. Furthermore, from the very beginning production was carried out by electric machines.
In 1906 the firm decided to become a public company. From then on they manufactured chocolate bars and chocolate powder, but also soups and tonics. However, the latter were removed from the range of products later to focus on the manufacture of chocolate.
During the First World War the company benefited from Switzerland’s neutral position. Open customs facilitated the export of chocolate. However, the procurement of raw materials such as cocoa proved to be much more difficult. As a result of good sales prices abroad, business interruptions could be prevented. Through export, turnover could even be almost doubled, from 882,000 Swiss francs (CHF) (1916) to CHF 1,465,000 (1918). Back then the chocolate was available in Germany, France and Sweden, and later on also in England.
With the end of the war exports slumped severely. Germany and France were too preoccupied with the reconstruction and were no longer trading partners, leaving only England. This forced the company to downgrade sales to the domestic market.
At the beginning of the 1920s, the company teetered on the brink of collapse. Production stood still for days at a time. It was not until the economy recovered around the mid-1920s, that the Board of Directors took heart to develop the foreign market again. However, this attempt failed due to the global economic crisis.
During these years Robert Frey junior (born February 18, 1901) gradually took over the company management. His father had already familiarised him with the company early on. This way he was able to ensure that the public company remained family-owned.
In 1932 Robert Frey senior retired from the Board of Directors. Only one year later his brother Max Frey died aged 70.
The company also had a tough struggle during the Second World War. Foreign trade was complicated by the war. New import regulations for cocoa and sugar limited the Swiss chocolate market a great deal. Furthermore, many employees as well as executives were called up for military service, so that the company lacked sufficient personnel to advance. Although demand increased slightly after the end of the war, it could not be met due to the lack of manpower.
Thanks to the distinctive economic upswing at the end of the Second World War, the company’s situation improved. In 1946 for the first time the Board of Directors came up with the idea of looking around for partners. Four years later "Migros" took over the company. "Chocolat Frey AG" is the oldest acquired company of Migros. Initially the alliance appeared to be debatable, as until then "Migros" owned its own chocolate factory with "Jonatal AG". However, for "Chocolat Frey AG" the signing of the agreement was an important decision. Although the chocolate factory had to adopt the new owner’s terms and conditions, the company management remained in the hands of Robert Frey junior. In addition, the company’s development was promoted.
In 1963 the construction of the present headquarters began and the plant was relocated from Aarau to Buchs in the Canton of Aargau. At the same time the entire chocolate, confectionery and sweets manufacture, which "Migros" had operated until then, was centralised in one location. With this, the company mutated into a modern and successful industrial firm.
Since 1974, as the only Swiss manufacturer it has also produced chewing gum, which today accounts for around 10% of Frey’s total annual turnover.
In the 1980s two-figure increases in turnover filled the business accounting ledgers. In 1985 the company’s turnover exceeded the CHF 200 million threshold for the first time and the firm soon took over leadership on the domestic chocolate market. These good preconditions facilitated investments. Various structural and quality-related changes were implemented and the issue of environmental protection gained in importance.
In line with this the company has been procuring district heating from the nearby refuse incineration plant since 1984. Since then the company has managed virtually without heating oil. In addition, the plant was upgraded with a new SBB (Swiss Railways) rail connection. The 1980s were of great importance for international trade as well. For the first time since the Second World War foreign trade was re-established. England, the USA, Denmark, Austria and Japan, later also France and South East Asia, imported the chocolate of "Chocolat Frey AG". However, for the time being export remained a modest secondary business. During the 1990s, the international trade was expanded and professionalised. In 1997 the company launched its new project ‘Chocolat Frey goes international’, with the aim of export contributing to "Chocolat Frey AG’s" profitability in the long term. A key account management system was introduced for key customer liaison and support.
International trade with private labels continued to be expanded after the start of the 21st century. The Netherlands, Scandinavia, Canada and Germany were new additions. The foreign market became the company’s most important growth factor. Since 2007 in addition to the private labels, the brand Frey has been offered again internationally, both in the travel retail business, i.e. in duty-free shops at airports and through sales in collaboration with international trade partners worldwide. 
In 2008 the two companies "Chocolat Frey AG" and "Delica AG", both specialised in ‘indulgence’ foods, closed ranks. In order to strengthen the international market position and to utilise synergies to their best potential, it stood to reason to place both companies under one overall direction – a position held by the CEO of Chocolat Frey AG. Nonetheless, Delica AG will remain a corporate body, as do the two sites of Buchs and Birsfelden. 
Today the company achieves more than one third of its total turnover abroad. The products are sold in over 50 nations on all five continents. More than 42,000 tons of chocolate, confectionery products, semi-finished products and chewing gum leave the production facilities in Buchs annually. On the domestic market the company is the number 1 among Swiss chocolate manufacturers with a 34,9% market share (according to Chocosuisse ). 
Chewing gum also accounts for part of the total turnover as around 10% are achieved in the chewing gum segment, around 2/3 of this with private labels in the international business.
In 2012 Chocolat Frey AG celebrated its 125th anniversary.
Chocolat Frey AG opened its new visitor center at Easter 2014.
With the unicorn’s head the company logo of "Chocolat Frey AG" includes an element of the family crest of the brothers Max and Robert Frey. As the family name of ‘Frey’ was used as a brand name as well, it was also integrated into the logo. In addition, the company’s traditional character of chocolate manufacturing is established through the time reference of ‘CHOCOLAT SUISSE DEPUIS 1887’ (‘SWISS CHOCOLATE SINCE 1887’), which is displayed below the family name against a red background.
In 1967 the manufacturing base of Frey relocated from Aarau to the newly built factory in Buchs in the Canton of Aargau. To date Buchs is the only manufacturing base for chocolate and chewing gum. However, the area was continually developed and extended. Today it comprises several buildings on an area totalling around 70,000 m², for storing and processing cocoa and manufacturing chocolate and chewing gum. In addition (on a further lot of approx. 10,000 m²), the company has its own railway connection to the SBB (Swiss Railways) for the supply of raw materials and delivery of semi-finished and finished products.
More than 500,000 bars of chocolate leave the production premises in Buchs/Aargau daily. Annualised, this means more than 41,000 tons spread over 2,400 different products. In addition to chocolate and pralines, "Chocolat Frey AG"’s core products, the company manufactures semi-finished products (couvertures, chocolate and cocoa powders and liquors, fillings etc.) for further processing in industry and trade, chewing gum under the brands "Skai" and "Candida" as well as private labels.
With a market share of approximately 35% (according to Chocosuisse, 2015), Frey is the leading chocolate manufacturer on the Swiss market. The company employs more than 1000 members of staff and in 2015 achieved a gross turnover of CHF 396 million.
"Chocolat Frey" is certified in accordance with:
In order to be able to control the high demands on quality itself, Frey follows the production process from the cocoa bean to the finished chocolate bar 100% in Switzerland. Every single production step—from procuring the cocoa beans, roasting them in the plant, to careful processing of the chocolate—is carried out by the chocolatiers themselves. A large part of the cocoa beans comes from West Africa, primarily Ghana, but also from South America.
Overall, Frey manufactures 2,400 products including a wide variety of chocolate bars (solid and filled), countlines (Blox, Risoletto, Branches and Frey d’Or), truffles and pralines, but also a wide range of chewing gum. For special events such as Easter and Christmas, seasonal products are on offer.
Chocolat Frey AG bases its understanding of sustainability on the three-pillar model. Sustainable development can only be achieved by considering economic, social and ecological criteria in equal measure and along the entire value chain. Since 2011 Chocolat Frey has acquired cocoa beans through the program of UTZ Certified, ensuring the compliance with social minimum standards and better wages for the cocoa farmers. 
Thanks to the utilisation of district heating instead of crude oil, respective structural measures, raising awareness and training of personnel as well as consistent controlling, energy consumption could be decreased by almost a quarter over the past few years, thus lowering the emission of CO significantly. In line with this, Frey was awarded ‘CO-reduced company’ certification by the commercial environment agency for its voluntary endeavours in favour of climate protection. As a logical consequence, the company was awarded environmental certification according to ISO 14001 in 2008.
With its commitment to the SOS Children’s Village in Ghana, "Chocolat Frey AG" supports orphaned and abandoned children. In 2007 the company financed the construction of one of currently twelve family houses in the SOS Children’s Village ASIAKWA, Ghana, and since then has secured the annual running costs of this house. It was put into operation in April 2008 and currently provides 10 children with a family environment with a ‘mother’ as a caregiver.

</doc>
<doc id="14222929" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14222929" title="Partnerships in Academic Communities">
Partnerships in Academic Communities

Partnerships in Academic Communities (PAC) is the only school program in the Miami-Dade County Public Schools district that works with public schools along with a university and provides a scholarship as a reward for passing students enrolled in the program.
The program is a partnership between three middle school (Cutler Ridge, Mays, and Richmond), one high school (Miami Southridge), and one university (Florida International University). The subjects taught are math, science, and computer skills where students enjoy an environment of up to 20 children. The students also have available a morning session at the high school where students are allowed to complete their homework and get help from their teachers.
PAC awards its scholarships by having a certain grade, a B (80% or 2.50 GPA), in all the classes in the program and having all other state requirements. Students are chosen to be tested in the summer after their sixth grade year. They voluntarily go to Miami Southridge Senior High School, the high school in which PAC works with. In several rooms, the students are taught valuable skills in math and science throughout a four week term. These students are then tested on the subjects and how they use the various skills acquired. Twenty students are chosen and join the others at PAC at the beginning of their seventh grade year.
Students at PAC are educated in several rooms of the Education Building (ZEB) near one of the main entrances of Florida International University (FIU). Students usually wake up early in the morning, before the sun rises. After they are ready, they go to a designated bus stop and take the bus to the university. The buses usually arrive around 7:00 AM. The students take charge in talking with one another, sleep, or play catch-up on any homework they could not finish. At 7:30, the students go to their rooms and teachers begin their lessons. at 9:00, students switch rooms to go to their second class. By 10:00, students are on another bus to their home school where they continue their studies as a normal student.
Several times every school year, students are rewarded with activities and trips to several places, or even on the school campus. At the end of every year, the 7th-9th graders go on a small trip to a theme park nearby. While the 10th-12th graders go to a location that the seniors choose. Students are also given other activities throughout the school year as well. Field days are made at least once per year to motivate them when there are major tests like FCAT or when there is an early release at the high school.

</doc>
<doc id="14225233" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14225233" title="Ride the Ducks">
Ride the Ducks

Ride the Ducks is a national duck tour operator and eponymous tourist attraction in U.S. cities such as Branson, Missouri; Newport, Kentucky; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Stone Mountain Park, Georgia. It makes use of over 90 amphibious vehicles (nicknamed "ducks") to provide tours of cities by boat and by land. Ride the Ducks is owned by Herschend Family Entertainment Corporation, which is involved in various family entertainment ventures.
Ride the Ducks of San Francisco operates Classic Cable Car Sightseeing in which customers can take a city tour on a San Francisco Classic Cable Car.
Similar duck-boat based tours operate in other cities (such as Cincinnati, Boston, Portland, Seattle, and Toronto), but they are not operated by Ride the Ducks. Ride the Ducks has provided vehicles to some of these other companies, such as their relationship with Boston Duck Tours.
The actual vehicle is based on the famous World War II DUKW amphibious design (see post-war use). Today, the company manufactures its own amphibious vehicles that incorporate advances in marine design and safety. Drivers are certified by the Coast Guard and hold commercial drivers' licences, and the vehicles are all equipped with personal flotation devices.
The duck boats operated by Ride the Ducks have been involved in a number of incidents. In July 2010 one of the amphibious vehicles stalled on the Delaware River in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was struck by a barge, sinking the duck boat and killing two of the passengers. The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause of the accident was the tugboat operator's inattention to his duties.
On May 8, 2015, a Ride the Ducks boat struck and killed a woman crossing the street in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania's Chinatown section. Witnesses at the scene say that the woman crossed against a red light while viewing content on a tablet and was struck while in the boat's front blind spot. The incident is still being investigated.

</doc>
<doc id="14225693" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14225693" title="Ego Pharmaceuticals">
Ego Pharmaceuticals

Ego Pharmaceuticals is a privately held Australian pharmaceutical multinational skin care company with subsidiaries in Malaysia, Singapore, Hong Kong and the United Kingdom, as well as staff in Bahrain, Kuwait, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The company has researched, manufactured and marketed skincare products for over 60 years and has more than 450 employees, 125 of which are based in 11 nations outside of Australia. 
Ego was founded in 1953 in Melbourne as a home-based business by chemist Gerald Oppenheim, and his wife, Rae Oppenheim, a nurse. Through the 1960s, business expanded to include export markets in Singapore, Papua New Guinea, and New Zealand. The company has since expanded into the Middle East, with a regional office in Dubai. Despite takeover offers, the company remains in private hands.
Ego manufactures, exports and markets over 120 dermatological products to treat and prevent skin conditions and to maintain healthy skin.
Brands include: QV Skincare, SunSense Sunscreen, Aqium Hand Sanitiser, MOOV Head Lice Treatment, Pinetarsol, DermAid, Elucent, SolvEasy, Azclear, Resolve, ViraproX, and Zatamil
In 2005, the two most senior managers of Ego received the independent industry ASMI Award for Excellence to the Australian Self Medication Industry. In 2006, Ego was commended for its export success in the Governor of Victoria Export Awards.
In 2014 Ego announced the purchase of 9.5 hectares of land in Dandenong South, building of stage one will commence in October 2015. It will be home to Ego's new global headquarters and a manufacturing center.
The same year Ego was awarded a $250,000 grant from the Victorian Government to extend its flammable goods production capacity in a $14.6 million investment which will boost exports by a substantial $40 million and create 63 new jobs. The expansion will also double bottle filling capacity across the business.
Ego was awarded the 2015 Governor of Victoria Export Health and Biotechnology Award for outstanding international success in healthcare, presented at Government House on 30 September. 
Ego provides support to a wide range of charities and community organisations, and invests in dermatological education and research.

</doc>
<doc id="14226575" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14226575" title="Halo Burger">
Halo Burger

Halo Burger, formerly known by its full name Bill Thomas' Halo Burger, is a fast-food restaurant chain based in Genesee County, Michigan owned by Halo Country, LLC. Begun in 1923 as the original Kewpee location and separating from the Kewpee chain in 1967 with two locations, the chain has since grown to seventeen locations in the region.
It is not easy to determine a single founding date for the company because the company evolved from the original Kewpee location opened in 1923 which expanded into a chain before 1944, when Thomas started his business that would later be named Halo Burgers by leasing the original location.
Samuel V. Blair opened Kewpee Hotel restaurant in downtown Flint and expanded to approximately 400 locations by 1939 through licensing the name. William "Bill" V. Thomas started working at Kewpee in 1938. Thomas began leasing the original Harrison Street, Flint location from Blair upon his retirement on April 1, 1944. Blair died in 1945 and Thomas continued to lease the location and pay royalties for use of the Kewpee name from the estate until the Kewpee trademark and Blair estate owned locations went up for sale in 1958. Thomas was able to purchase the Flint location but the Kewpee trademark was sold to Ed Adams of Toledo, Ohio. Thomas expanded with a second Kewpee location downtown Flint with the purchase of Vernor's Ginger Ale building in 1951.
Adams switched from a trademark license of Kewpee to a full franchising arrangement in 1967. Thomas rejected this new arrangement and changed the name of his restaurants to Bill Thomas' Halo Burger. Halo Burgers' first location only under the Halo Burger name opens in 1973 on Linden Road. But during construction, Bill Thomas died that year. In 1976, two more locations join the chain on West Pierson Road and in downtown Grand Blanc at a former Perkins Pancake House. In 1979, the Harrison location was vacated to make way for University of Michigan-Flint parking. The staff of the former Harrison Street location were transferred to a newly opened Halo Burger serving Flint's east side.
The 1980s became a decade of expansion with 10 more locations, starting in 1984 with another Downtown location. In 1985, Halo Burger expanded to Birch Run, Michigan, with a location that was opened on property leased at Conlee Oil Company's station. Locations in Saginaw and Flint's Southwest side opened in 1986. Another location in Saginaw followed in 1987 along with the Richfield Road and Genesee Valley Center locations. Three more locations opened in 1988: in Fenton, at Atherton Road and at Corunna Road near Ballenger Highway. The Saginaw, Genesee Valley Center and Corunna Road locations later closed. Their Grand Blanc Downtown location closed in 1998 and was replaced by a location in Grand Blanc Township.
On September 5, 2002, Halo Burger takes over the former Campus Cafe at University of Michigan-Flint University Center. In November, the company recalled flashlights that were given out with kid's meals. On July 22, 2007, all 11 locations were shut down for a day do to a possible E. coli contamination as their supplier, Abbott's Meat, had recalled a number of meat products and received meat from a temporary supplier. Due to the new student housing and 24-hour food service, Sodexo, that goes along the housing, the University Center location closed April 21, 2008.
An initial attempt to sell the chain to key employees fell through after issues with the bank. As his son was uninterested in 2010, the Thomas family sold the nine location chain to Dortch Enterprises, which operates multiple Subway restaurants in Michigan, with the sale completed on December 29, 2010 for a price of about $10 million. Dortch will be expanding to new locations and making over of the restaurants towards a "fast-casual feel" with earth tones and "upscale decor". In 2011, the company announced they are adding locations in the Oakland County/Detroit metro area in late 2012 and that they would be adding 2 to 3 locations per year. While Dortch feels that Halo Burger locations would do well in East Lansing with Michigan State University and Ann Arbor with University of Michigan having Flint area university students, plans for opening in those cities have been put on hold.
In June 2011, the Company broke ground for a new 10th location in Grand Blanc Township on Holly Road. Three other sites have been selected for new locations: Fenton, Lapeer and Lapeer Road, Davison. In October the Holly Road location opened.
One opened in a gas station in Mount Morris in February 2012. In August 2012, Dortch filed and received approval for a site plan for a joint Halo Burger-Subway location on Belsay Road in Burton.
In January 2013, Halo Burger's Fenton location moved to a former Burger King building on Leroy Street. A new Brighton, Michigan location was scheduled to open in May in Livingston County and would have been their first location in the Metro Detroit area. In March, Dortch announced plans for 5 Oakland County locations: Troy, Clarkston, Novi, Bingham Farms and Farmington Hills and an East Lansing location to open this year along with the existing announced Brighton location. The joint Halo Burger-Subway Burton location opened March 27.
On February 5, 2013, Dortch Halo Enterprises sued a Grand Blanc man who is using @haloburger Twitter handle since 2009 and has been unwilling to turn the handle over to the company with out payment. The man's defense is that he is not using it commercial, Twitter handles are first come first served and the "Halo Burger" trademark was supposedly rejected by the U.S. Trademark Office for being too similar to another trademark. Dortch Halo dropped the lawsuit to "prevent more controversy." in April.
On May 8, 2013, the Halo Burger in Clarkston opens, its first in Oakland County with a shift to fast casual format with no drive-through in its Oakland County locations. On October 6, Ferndale and Rochester locations were revealed to be under construction along with four others already announced with the Frandor Shopping Center, Lansing location opening up on the 7th.
In early March 2014, the third fully fast casual format location was opened in Troy. The week of July 26, Dortch Halo opened it seventeenth location at the Brighton Mall, Brighton. By 2016, two locations were closed, Troy and Clarkston.
Dortch Enterprises sold the 15 location Halo Burger chain to Halo Country LLC on January 14, 2016. Halo Country is majority owned by Chance Richie, who has been involved in investment banking and the oil and gas industry. With Flint water crisis occurring, the three Flint and Burton locations were handing out free bottled water on January 22, 2016 with support from Coca Cola Company.
In March 2016, Halo Burger began renovating its downtown Flint location with plans to continue renovation at locations in Birch Run and on Linden Road in Flint Township. Office were being added upstairs at the downtown location. Also in early March, a new location was opened at the Palace of Auburn Hills in the chain's first professional sports partnership. Starting with the July 2016 Back to the Bricks, the company would have a Halo Burger food truck for community events.
Three locations, Brighton, Novi and Fenton Road, were closed in late September 2016 due to poor sales. Halo Country felt a drive thru would improve sales at Metro Detroit locations, but the cost and location outside of Halo Burgers' area of recognition made that unreasonable. By September 29, 2016, the Brighton location was closed as a Burgerland opened in its location.
Two stores in Genesee County closed on January 6, 2017. The Mt. Morris Township location was located in a Beacon & Bridge gas station where Halo could not agree on a new lease with the landlord. A replace site is being look for with expectation of reopening in late 2007. While, the Richfield Road, Genesee Township location was closed to to lack of sales and closeness to three others.
In January 2017, Halo Burger signed Andre Drummond as its first spokesperson and brand ambassador, which arose out of his interest in Flint arising out of the water crisis and Piston owner's Flint Now response effort. In February 2017, Drummond will design his own burger, the Dre Burger, to join the menu in the second quarter and participate in community outreach of the company.
The Downtown Flint location was previously Vernor's Retail Store and Sandwich shop built in 1929. A Vernor's Ginger Ale mural (including the ginger ale's gnome mascot) covers the adjacent Greater Flint Arts Council building and was painted by John Gonsowski. The restaurant's interior iron railing still contain large wrought V's.

</doc>
<doc id="14226688" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14226688" title="M. W. Kellogg Limited">
M. W. Kellogg Limited

M.W. Kellogg Ltd. (MWKL) was a British full service contractor primarily serving the hydrocarbon market. It had the capability to execute large international projects from conceptual feasibility studies through fixed price turnkey mega-projects.
Established in the 1930s, it was a wholly owned subsidiary of the M.W. Kellogg Co. It was a private limited company jointly owned by KBR and JGC Corp. Formal joint ownership between KBR and JGC was established in 1992, when JGC purchased 45 percent of MWKL stock—although a strong relationship between the two companies existed for much longer. It is now wholly owned by KBR after a takeover that occurred December 2010 – January 2011. M.W.Kellogg Ltd. has now changed its name to KBR UK Ltd.
MWKL was involved in numerous LNG and GTL projects, notably Woodside in Australia, Oman LNG, Nigeria LNG, Pearl GTL in Qatar and SEGAS LNG in Egypt. In addition to LNG, other major projects have included gas processing facilities, petroleum refineries, fertiliser complexes, and large petrochemical and polymer plants. 
Its largest project was a joint venture with Aker Engineering of Norway, for the full design, supply and construction of the Troll Terminal project in Norway, for Norske Shell, equivalent sized expansions of Statoil’s gas terminal at Karsto, also in Norway. MWKL worked with Statoil for almost a quarter of a century. During this time, it completed numerous studies and pre-engineering packages for a number of projects, including Mongstad refinery in Norway, Kalundborg refinery in Denmark, methanol plant in Tjeldbergodden, Norway, and Hammerfest plant in Snohvit, Norway.

</doc>
<doc id="14226704" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14226704" title="Zentiva">
Zentiva

Zentiva N.V. is an international pharmaceutical company focused on developing, manufacturing and marketing modern generic pharmaceutical products. Since 2009 Zentiva is the generic drug arm of Sanofi. Its Romanian subsidiary, Zentiva SA is traded on Bucharest stock exchange ().
The Company addresses a wide range of therapeutic areas but has a particular focus on cardiovascular disorders, inflammatory conditions, pain, infections and diseases of the central nervous system and the gastrointestinal and urology fields.

</doc>
<doc id="14227822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14227822" title="SYSTRA">
SYSTRA

SYSTRA is an international engineering and consulting group specializing in rail (passenger and freight) and public transport. SYSTRA is known worldwide for its expertise in rail engineering, from light & mass transit rail to high speed rail. The equity of this limited company belongs to RATP, SNCF and French banks. It employees a staff of approximately 5,400 (2016). SYSTRA is present in 78 countries worldwide.
In December 2014, the American magazine ENR (Engineering News-Record) published its annual ratings for the world's 250 most important engineering companies. SYSTRA was awarded 2nd place, with 315.4 M$ in the international Mass Transit and Rail category.
SYSTRA was formed from the merger of two engineering companies: SOFRERAIL, (French company for railway design and construction) created by SNCF in 1957, and SOFRETU (French company for the design and construction of urban transport), created in 1961 by RATP.
In June 2011, SYSTRA took over INEXIA, SNCF's engineering subsidiary, and XELIS, RATP's engineering subsidiary. This combination of skills from three firms has created France's number 1 public transport engineering company. It plays a leading role in the fields of high speed railways, the renovation of railway networks, automated metros and underground structures in complex urban environments. 
On July 1, 2012, the merger of SYSTRA, INEXIA and XELIS was confirmed.
SYSTRA has a number of subsidiaries, which constitute the Group: Canarail, MVA, SAI, etc.
SYSTRA also has a lot of branches all over the world: Systra US, Systra UK, Systra Algeria, Systra Morocco, Systra India, etc.
SYSTRA is famous, particularly for its contribution to the following major projects:
SYSTRA holds the following patents:

</doc>
<doc id="14229373" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14229373" title="Elkins Constructors">
Elkins Constructors

Elkins Constructors is a privately held corporation headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida founded in 1955 by Martin Elkins. Purchased in 1984 by a group of investors which included current CEO, Barry Allred. The company is one of Florida's largest privately held construction companies and the builder of choice for Lowe's. They perform general contracting, Design/build, and Construction management services for commercial, industrial, multi-family residential, institutional, and retail projects. Elkins Constructors, Inc. has constructed 49 Lowe's Home Centers, 24 Wal-Mart Supercenters, 4 Kohls Department Stores, 2 Winn Dixie Supermarkets and 2 Stein Mart Department Stores, all in the southeast US.
Industry segments include:
The Engineering News-Record magazine ranked Elkins Constructors Inc. as No. 28 in its Top 50 Green Contractors for 2007 (US) list.

</doc>
<doc id="14229641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14229641" title="Biomedcom">
Biomedcom

BioMedCom Consultants inc is a contract research organization.
Based in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, BioMedCom Consultants inc. was established in 1996 to address the application needs evident in the health economics and health outcomes research community — the transmission of health outcomes information to its audiences — other researchers, healthcare decisionmakers, health professionals, and the general public. They employ a number of research scientists who exercise their training and experience in the application of biomedical research.
Services provided include market access and related materials including Global Value Dossiers & Region-Specific reimbursement dossiers and supporting resources. They also conduct Applied Research Studies to produce Backgrounders and Briefing Reports, Pharmacoeconomics studies, Economic, Statistical and gap analyses, Budget Impact Modeling, Healthcare and decisionmaking studies, manuscripts for peer reviewed publication e.g., presentations (abstracts, posters, podiums), training materials and patient information.
They also maintain a database of market access processes and requirements for Canada, the US and other global markets, as well as a database of Health Economic standards and guidelines.
EBMA is a periodic report produced by BioMedCom Consultants for those who need to keep on top of trends in market access globally. EBMA provides relevant and up to date information to support successful global market access for healthcare interventions.

</doc>
<doc id="14230640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14230640" title="Arabian Television Network">
Arabian Television Network

Arabian Television Network (ATN) was a Dubai, United Arab Emirates-based broadcast media company, part of Arab Media Group. Its staff and resources have been merged into Dubai Media Incorporated.
Arabian Television Network had partnered with MTV Networks International of Viacom to launch a localized version of MTV, called MTV Arabia, and Nickelodeon Arabia as well as launching the first user-generated content channel, SHOOFtv.

</doc>
<doc id="14231260" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14231260" title="Applanix">
Applanix

Applanix, based in Richmond Hill, Ontario, Canada, develops and manufactures a line of Inertial Navigation System products. The company's Position and Orientation Systems (POS) are used worldwide for a variety of applications such as, aerial survey and mapping, remote sensing, road profiling, GIS data acquisition, and hydrographic surveying.
Applanix, founded in February 1991 as Applied Analytics Corporation, is a spin-off of Honeywell's Advanced Technology Centre. In its first two years of its operation Applied Analytics provided engineering services in integrated inertial systems and real-time image processing for the aerospace and defense markets. Since 1993, and through an extensive technology conversion effort, Applanix has increasingly specialized in providing off-the-shelf Position and Orientation Systems (POS) using integrated inertial/GPS technology.
On June 20, 2003 Trimble Inc announced that it had agreed to purchase Applanix in a stock transaction valued at CAD$25 million (approximately US$18.6 million). Trimble expected the acquisition to extend its technology portfolio and enable increased robustness and capabilities in its future positioning products.

</doc>
<doc id="14233462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14233462" title="Pioneer Surgical Technology">
Pioneer Surgical Technology

Pioneer Surgical Technology, based in Marquette, Michigan, United States, is Michigan's largest private medical technology company. The company was founded in 1992 by Matthew Songer and its first major product was the Songer Cable, used in spine surgeries. The Songer Cable was featured in the book, "Contemporary Management of Spinal Cord Injuries: From Impact to Rehabilitation."
Pioneer Surgical has since developed products in the spine, biologics, orthopedics, and cardio-thoracic markets. Pioneer has facilities throughout the U.S. and Europe and employs nearly 300 people.
In 2007, Pioneer acquired Angstrom Medica, a Massachusetts-based medical company focused on nanotechnology and Encelle, A North Carolina-based company researching and developing tissue regeneration products. 
Pioneer was acquired in July 2013 by RTI Biologics, which was then renamed RTI Surgical.

</doc>
<doc id="14234079" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14234079" title="Aviation Technology Group">
Aviation Technology Group

Aviation Technology Group (ATG) was an American aerospace company, the developer of the ATG Javelin very light jet (VLJ). It was founded in June 2000 by George Bye and has since gone out of business.
ATG was headquartered at Centennial Airport, with manufacturing facilities at Front Range Airport in neighboring Aurora. The postal designation of nearby Englewood is used as the company's mailing address.
On August 23, 2005, Will Schippers, ATG’s CFO, reported that ATG signed contracts to lease two buildings located at Front Range Airport. “These buildings will be interim facilities until we build permanent production facilities currently planned for 2009.”
ATG was leasing approximately at Front Range Airport. The first building was a facility, and was being used by ATG Flight Operations to manufacture four FAA conforming Javelin aircraft as well as serving as test facility headquarters.
The adjacent building was being used to assemble production aircraft. ATG anticipated production of up to 10 planes at a time in the facility. When production reached full capacity for these facilities, ATG expected to have hired up to 150 new employees.
As of November 5, 2007, there were 153 positions on the waiting list for the ATG Javelin.
ATG halted all further development on the Javelin in December 2007 after failing to get $200 million to finance further development.[1] ATG laid off all employees and halted development operations on December 17, 2007. On May 27, 2008 ATG filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy. The company subsequently declared bankruptcy in 2008, ending the development of the Javelin.

</doc>
<doc id="14236466" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14236466" title="TrimTabs Investment Research">
TrimTabs Investment Research

TrimTabs Investment Research, Inc. is a leading independent institutional research firm focused on equity market liquidity based in Sausalito, California.
The bread and butter of TrimTabs Investment Research is their innovative and longstanding focus on equity market liquidity. The essential premise of their approach is that stock prices are a function of liquidity—the amount of shares available to buy and the amount of money available to buy them—rather than fundamental value. Like the prices of any tradable good, the prices of stocks are driven by the supply and demand of shares and money.
When the supply of shares increases, all else being equal, this translates to lower stock prices. Conversely, decreasing supply is bullish. When there are fewer available shares, this translates to higher stock prices (more money available to chase fewer shares). Although TrimTabs compiles data sets and offers analyses, it primarily uses supply and demand indicators to create trading strategies (listed below) that generate alpha.
In addition to comprehensive daily liquidity updates, TrimTabs publishes four reports that each come out on a weekly basis: The Weekly Liquidity Review, The Weekly Flow Report, The Weekly International Liquidity Review, and the Weekly Asset Allocation Report. In addition it offers two daily reports: the Overnight Liquidity Update and the Daily Liquidity Report.
The Weekly Liquidity Review is a publication that offers the broadest overview of the supply and demand dynamics of the U.S. stock market. It focuses on in-depth investment flows (demand) and corporate liquidity flows (supply) as well as macroeconomic trends. The investment flows include weekly updates that give investors short- and long-term trading signals based on the current and longer-term trends that TrimTabs observes in the U.S. and global stock markets. It also includes information on several financial model portfolios and the calls associated with each of the portfolios. The Weekly Liquidity Review is an excellent introduction to TrimTabs research for new clients and is ideal for macro managers and equity fund managers.
The Weekly Flow Report can include a quantitative focus, fund flows and sentiment indicators, analysis of short interest and commitments of traders, and hedge fund manager sentiment.
The Weekly International Liquidity Review includes fund flow and sentiment indicators for the following countries/regions: China, Developed Emerging Markets, Europe, Japan, Latin America and Pacific Asia ex-Japan. Also in this report are weekly updates of China margin debt and new account openings as well as fund flow and performance of international mutual funds and exchange-traded funds.
The Weekly Asset Allocation Report offers five tactical asset allocation portfolios with varying levels of risk, from conservative to aggressive. The portfolios apply TrimTabs’ proprietary research on mutual funds and ETFs. This report is most appropriate for financial advisors, retail brokers, and individual investors.
The Daily Liquidity Report is a quantitative report which provides a convenient summary of the most important TrimTabs liquidity data. It includes daily, monthly, and annual data on corporate actions, including insider trading; fund flows, including the flows of mutual funds and ETFs broken down by asset class, style, industry, and Morningstar category; and the TrimTabs Demand Index, a proprietary market timing indicator based on fund flow and sentiment variables. This report is most appropriate for quantitative analysts and more active traders.
In addition, TrimTabs offers eight model trading portfolios: The TrimTabs Demand Index Model Portfolio, U.S. Equity ETF Model Portfolio, the U.S. Sector Model Portfolio, the Nasdaq Model Portfolio, the Country Model Portfolio, the Bond Model Portfolio, the High Yield Bond Model Portfolio, and the Precious Metals Model Portfolio.
The supply of shares is tracked on a daily basis from the announced actions of companies in the stock market, who are the biggest players in the stock market because they actively control the amount of shares available for investors to buy. Supply can shrink by the amount of corporate buying that takes place (cash takeovers and new stock buybacks), and can grow as companies either sell new shares (IPOs) or introduce new shares to the market in the form of follow-ons, secondaries, and convertibles.
Another way of describing the supply of shares in the market is to call it the U.S. equity float. The change in supply is a change in the float. TrimTabs developed a formula for estimating the change in float by this equation: Float = New Offerings + Net Insider Selling – 2/3 New Cash Takeovers – 1/3 Completed Cash Takeovers – New Stock Buybacks.
The S&P 500 has frequently moved in the direction that the change in the float as estimated by TrimTabs would predict. In the 20 years from 1995 through 2014, the S&P 500 rose in 13 of the 15 years that the estimated float contracted. The S&P 500 fell in 3 of the 5 years that the estimated float expanded. From December 2011 to December 2014, there was little overall change in the market's float.
Supply is not just limited to the U.S. TrimTabs collects daily ticker-level data on corporate actions and insider trading in selected non-U.S. equity markets, including Germany, Japan, and the U.K. The coverage and history vary by country.
Demand indicators can be leading or contrary: increasing demand is generally bullish, except when inflows become extremely high. The main vehicle by which TrimTabs analyzes demand is through its comprehensive coverage of the flows (money that comes either in and out of funds) and returns of 4,000 U.S. listed mutual funds as well as daily coverage of the flows and returns of all U.S.-listed exchange-traded funds. In total the firm monitors on a daily basis $3.7 trillion worth of assets from mutual funds and exchange-traded funds because these fund flows can be used as a contrarian indicator in trading strategies. Other factors that can reflect or influence demand are margin debt, short interest, trends in savings vehicles, equity mutual fund cash levels, commitments of traders data, the VIX, put/call ratios, and investor sentiment surveys.
The TrimTabs Demand Index (TTDI) uses regression analysis of fund flow and sentiment variables for intermediate-term market timing. The index has had an outstanding track record since its launch in September 2008. As of March 2016, the TTDI had outperformed the S&P 500 by a power of 10. The TTDI is one of the ways the firm provides institutional and retail investors with trading strategies and investment insights.
In addition, TrimTabs also provides a comprehensive assessment of the overall health of the U.S. economy by tracking wage and salary growth and employment growth based on real-time income tax withholdings data from the U.S. Treasury, credit indicators, unemployment claims, surveys of manufacturers and purchasing managers, and housing indicators.
The overall health of the domestic economy is update each week through their TrimTabs Macroeconomic Index (TTMI), a correlation weighted index of 16 leading economic indicators. It has done an excellent job identifying major economic inflection points.
Proprietary analysis of withheld income and employment tax collections enables TrimTabs to estimate wage and salary growth in real time. TrimTabs analyzes withholdings on a year-over-year basis without any seasonal adjustments or other statistical manipulation. TrimTabs’ estimates of wage and salary growth are more timely than the monthly personal income data from the Bureau of Economic Analysis. TrimTabs also uses withholdings to estimate changes in payroll employment on a monthly basis.
Chairman Charles Biderman founded TrimTabs in Santa Rosa, California in 1990. He began his career as Alan Abelson's assistant at Barron's after earning an MBA from Harvard Business School. TrimTabs originally focused on providing stock trading ideas to hedge funds. Its first recommendation was the short sale of Midlantic National Bank, which traded in the high $20s in January 1990. Ultimately, Midlantic was taken over at a price of under $10 to save the bank from bankruptcy.
Biderman eventually noticed that no one was tracking money flows into and out of the U.S. stock market on a regular basis. He began searching for real-time data on money flows of all sorts, including corporate buying and selling, mutual fund flows, and changes in margin debt. Biderman would develop TrimTabs into the only independent research firm that would provide people with detailed daily coverage of U.S. stock market liquidity.
Corporate America became a heavy net buyer of stock in late 1994, and inflows into stock mutual funds from individuals began to accelerate in 1995. By that time, Biderman realized that TrimTabs’ specialty of short selling was not working well because of the sheer volume of cash flooding into the U.S. stock market from corporate America and individual investors. In August 1995, he began to analyze U.S. stock market liquidity in what would later become "TrimTabs Weekly Liquidity Review".
Biderman's insight and expertise have been widely noted and lauded by the media and institutions alike. He is a regular on CNBC's Santelli Exchange and Fox Business' Opening Bell with Maria Bartiromo. TrimTabs pioneering research is widely cited in the media. Just a few of the financial media outlets which have referenced TrimTabs' work are the Associated Press, Forbes, the Wall Street Journal, the New York Times, Bloomberg, Barron's, Reuters, USA Today, and Marketwatch.
TrimTabs takes its name from the trim tab that lies deep within an ocean-going ship. The trim tab is a minuscule rudder that runs the length of the main rudder. To change the ship’s direction, one must first turn the trim tab, and then the main rudder follows. TrimTabs contends that just as the movement of a trim tab determines the direction of a ship, changes in the trim tabs of liquidity theory are the key to understanding the stock market’s direction.

</doc>
<doc id="14236756" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14236756" title="Covenant Transport">
Covenant Transport

Covenant Transport, Inc. is a truckload carrier headquartered in Chattanooga, Tennessee. The company provides temperature controlled trucking, regional delivery, and longhaul delivery.
It began operations on January 2, 1986, with 25 trucks and 50 trailers. The company now jointly operates over 2,700 trucks and 7,000 trailers with the companies Southern Refrigerated Transport Inc. (Texarkana, Arkansas) and Star Transportation Inc. (Nashville). The three companies have shared terminals in Chattanooga TN, Hutchins, TX, Pomona, CA, Texarkana, AR, Nashville, TN, and Dalton, GA. 
On August 12, 2011, Factory & Steel Transportation, Inc. (Fastrans) of Tennessee announced that its van operations would be acquired by Covenant. A letter issued to Fastrans' customers by Mark Paré, Covenant's Senior Vice President of Sales and Marketing, stated that the acquisition would increase the company's access to the Canadian transportation market.

</doc>
<doc id="14238661" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14238661" title="The Sultan Center">
The Sultan Center

The Sultan Center (TSC) (Arabic: مركز سلطان) is an organization based in Kuwait, incorporating a diverse range of products and services. Mainly acknowledged for its retail business, it is the largest independent retailer in Kuwait. Operating eleven outlets at home, TSC opened its first retail store abroad in Muscat in 1999. Four years later, Safeway Jordan was acquired in 2003.
TSC was founded in 1976 by Jamil Sultan. In 1981, TSC opened its doors in Shuwaikh, focusing on hardware and DIY products. This was Kuwait's first self-service store, and provided a base for the organization's shift to expanding their store concepts and product ranges.
The retail side of the business consists of five elements: Service stores, Wholesale centers, Express stores, Discount stores and Mega Markets.
Service stores are located in key areas, namely Ahmadi, Al-Kout Mall & Promenade Mall, Fahaheel, Salmiya, Sharq, Salwa, Jabriya, Hawally & Shaab.
Wholesale centers are located in Dhajeej, Jahra, Mangaf, Shuwaikh, Sulaibiyah and Egaila.
Convenience stores are branded as "TSC X-Press" stores and carry a smaller product range.
The Sultan Center is operating retail stores across the Middle East in Jordan, Sultanate of Oman, Lebanon, and on May 2010 the latest Sultan Center Wholesale store was opened in Bahrain in Reef Mall.
TSC is involved in most areas of the telecommunications sector. They are particularly associated with the optical fiber cable transmission networks and radio and television broadcasting sectors, both in Kuwait and throughout the Gulf region in Syria, Oman, Bahrain, UAE, and Yemen. Since 1987, they have been involved in more than 250 projects. Five TSC companies are involved in their telecom operations:
TSC Telecom, ATCO, Sultan Telecom, Horizon Telecom Services Company, and Arabian Information Technology Solutions Co.
Whilst TSC Telecom is the primary subsidiary, ATCO's specialization is in fiber optics, microwave transmission, various narrow band and broadband systems.Sultan Telecom focuses on voice and data communications and operates in the Kuwait Free Trade Zone, being the sole telecommunications provider in that area. Horizon Telecom Services is a fully owned company by The Sultan Center and Sultan Holding Bahrain B.S.C. and was established in the Kingdom of Bahrain in the year 2007, to carry out all Telecommunications activities required to promote the company's businesses and join other established companies and set up branches, divisions, subsidiaries, regional offices belonging to TSC. The Arabian Information Technology Solutions Co., also known as Arabian ITS, has been acquired by Sultan Telecom Company since 2009.
"United Security Group Company" (USGC) is a wholly owned subsidiary of TSC, specializing in security services and equipment as well as delivery, transportation and cleaning services.
Security services are available on a 24-hour basis, with a team trained on aspects such as security functions, first aid and emergency response. K9 dogs form part of their services, whilst cash collection and valet parking services are available.
USGC also acts as a distributor of security equipment, such as CCTV, x-ray machines, vehicle license plate recognition systems, tire killers and fire alarms.

</doc>
<doc id="14238987" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14238987" title="Addition Elle">
Addition Elle

Addition Elle is a Canadian clothing store chain that sells plus-size clothing.
The name of the store (not affiliated with "Elle" magazine) is a pun on the French word "additionelle", which translates to "additional" in English. Established in 1967, they have 139 locations across Canada. All clothing comes in at least a ladies' size 14 (equivalent to a men's size 34) and goes up to size 26 (equivalent to a men's size 46). The target demographic of the store is full figured women between 18 and 49 years of age. Some stores also sell bras and other lingerie items. Addition Elle stores are usually located in shopping malls, but a few are standalone big box stores.
Sportswear, career apparel, and casual designs are the basic staples of all Addition Elle franchises.
Jessica Biffi, who was a former contestant on the reality show "Project Runway Canada", designed a collection of clothing for Addition Elle for the spring 2010 fashion season.

</doc>
<doc id="14239551" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14239551" title="PLUS Expressways">
PLUS Expressways

The PLUS Expressways or PLUS Malaysia Berhad (PMB) or known as Projek Lebuhraya Usaha Sama Berhad (PLUS) "(formerly Projek Lebuhraya Utara Selatan Berhad (PLUS))" () is the largest highway concessionaries or build–operate–transfer (BOT) operator company in Malaysia. A member of the UEM Group, the company is also the largest listed toll expressway operator in Southeast Asia and the eighth largest in the world.
The company was founded on 27 June 1986 known as Highway Concessionnaires Berhad, a member of the United Engineers Malaysia Berhad (UEM). On 13 May 1988, the Highway Concessionaires Berhad changed its name to Projek Lebuhraya Utara Selatan Berhad (PLUS). On 29 January 2002, PLUS Expressways Berhad (PEB) incorporated in Malaysia as a public company.
Eight years later, PLUS Malaysia Berhad (PMB) was incorporated on 29 November 2010 and became involved in investment holding.
On 29 November 2011, PMB completed the acquisition of PLUS Expressways Berhad's (PEB) assets and liabilities. PMB became the holding company of Projek Lebuhraya Utara-Selatan Berhad (PLUS), Expressway Lingkaran Tengah Sdn Bhd (ELITE), Linkedua Malaysia Berhad (LINKEDUA), Konsortium Lebuhraya Butterworth-Kulim (KLBK) Sdn Bhd, Teras Teknologi Sdn Bhd (TERAS), PLUS Helicopter Services Sdn Bhd and the substantial shareholder of Touch 'n Go Sdn Bhd. In addition, PMB also acquired Penang Bridge Sdn Bhd (PBSB) from UEM Builders Berhad.
Projek Lebuhraya Usaha Sama Berhad (PLUS), a wholly owned subsidiary of PMB, was incorporated on 27 July 2011 to undertake the consolidation of all highway concessionaries acquired under a single entity. The acquisition of all five highway concession assets was completed on 12 January 2012.
With the completion of the acquisition, PMB is the largest toll expressway operator in Malaysia and one of the largest in Southeast Asia, Asia, and the eighth largest in the world.
Persada PLUS is the main headquarters of the PLUS Malaysia Berhad (PMB). It is located at Subang Interchange of the New Klang Valley Expressway (NKVE) in Petaling Jaya, Selangor. The headquarters was formerly a site of PLUS and PROPEL section office for the New Klang Valley Expressway (NKVE). The headquarters has a football stadium which is a home of PLUS FC football club.
PLUSMiles is the toll rebate loyalty program. It was launched on 17 December 2008. It is the first and the only toll expressway loyalty programme in Malaysia. PLUSMiles cardholders can get toll rebates and merchandise from participating outlets.
Each PLUSMiles card is equipped with a Touch 'n Go feature. It was launched in 2009. The PLUSMiles card can also be used for toll payments and other services such as major public transport services in the Klang Valley and parking facilities.
PLUSTrack is a prepaid electronic card for fleet subscribers. The PLUSTrack card program provides enhanced efficiency and better fleet monitoring for the fleet subscribers. Besides the ease of fleet toll payment, the program is packaged with an array of rewards and benefits.
PLUS Ronda is the highway patrol unit. It was established on 1 April 1990. On 17 October 1998, the unit was given to the Royal Malaysian Police auxiliary police power.
PLUS Helicopter Services or PLUS Heli is the highway helicopter unit. It was established in 2010 and it is used for highway surveillance, air response team, emergency, search and rescue from the air. It is the only highway concessionary in the country to have the helicopter services. The first batch of Eurocopter EC120 Colibri helicopters was delivered in 2007.
PLUS Expressways is also a major sponsors for the A1GP Team Malaysia.

</doc>
<doc id="14240043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14240043" title="Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries">
Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries

Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries (Corsica Ferries France SAS) – (Forship SpA), is a France-Italy based ferry company that operates traffic to and from the islands of Corsica, Sardinia and Elba.
Corsica Sardinia Ferries is a ferry company which started services in 1967 under the name of Corsica Line with the ferry Corsica Express. Since the company’s humble beginnings it has grown into what is today the market leader to Corsica and Sardinia. Corsica Sardinia Ferries is the premier ferry operator on the Western Mediterranean Sea transporting more than 1 million passengers annually aboard their ferries running to and from France and Italy to Corsica, Sardinia and Elba.
Corsica Sardinia Ferries operate 2 return routes from Italy to Sardinia and 10 return routes from France and Italy to Corsica, with a total of up to 13 crossings daily.
The fleet currently consists of 14 vessels. Thanks to its no-frills economical model, the company represents today 60% of the maritime traffic to Corsica.
In 2005, Forship Spa, a subsidiary of Corsica Sardinia Ferries, has been condemned to pay 490 000 euros by the Tribunal of Marseille for having "voluntary discharged at sea" offshore of the Cap Corse on May 12, 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="14240940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14240940" title="DYE Precision">
DYE Precision

DYE Precision, also known as simply DYE, is a paintball equipment manufacturing company based in California. Dave Dehaan started the company by producing barrels for paintball markers, using his garage as a workshop. He supplied barrels to the California Ironmen and Team Avalanche, who at that time were two of the most dominant teams in Professional paintball. From these humble beginnings, DYE went on to become an International concern that went on to manufacture an extensive range of paintball markers, loaders, playing & casual clothing, protective gear, goggles and luggage. Their range of products is updated each year. In 2005, the company was praised as one of the industry's largest paintball manufacturers. The company has offices in London, Taiwan and Germany.
DYE Precision was founded by Dave and Rhonda DeHaan in 1994. DYE stands for Dave "Youngblood" Enterprises.
In 2006, DYE Precision sponsored a team, XXTIONEER, at the 2006 Paintball World Cup Asia.
In March 2009, DYE Precision manufactured the Baltimore Trauma with 2009 Mid-Atlantic Open jerseys.
In March 2010, the company allowed teams at the 2010 Paintball Sports Promotions World Cup to experience the new 2010 models free of charge. In April 2010, DYE Precision manufactured the jerseys for professional paintball team Portland Naughty Dogs. and later presented them with a limited special edition Naughty Dogs NT paintball gun. That same month, DYE Precision co-hosted the National Collegiate Paintball Association tournament in Central Florida.
In January 2011, DYE Precision signed a multi-year agreement with professional paintball team Chattanooga CEP.
In October 2012, DYE Precision signed a multi-year agreement with Ukrainian professional paintball team Hulk Kiev
In November 2012, the company purchased Pro-Tec, a helmet manufacturing company, from apparel and sports equipment company Vans for an undisclosed amount.

</doc>
<doc id="14241938" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14241938" title="HannStar Display Corporation">
HannStar Display Corporation

HannStar Display Corporation () is a Taiwan-based technology company, primarily involved in the research and production of monitors, notebook displays, and televisions.
Founded in June 1998, HannStar produces products under the following brand names:
The company has one LCD fabrication facility and one LCM fabrication facility. Through technology transfer from Hitachi and Toshiba, the company acquired TFT LCD manufacturing technology. It became listed on the Taiwan Stock Exchange in September 2004.
Hannstar is, with Quanta, one of the two companies manufacturing the most laptop motherboards all over the world, for computers manufacturers, like Hewlett-Packard, Acer Group (Acer, Packard Bell, e-Machines, Gateway), Toshiba, Dell and Sony.
In December 2010, the EU fined Hannstar for its part in a price fixing scheme. The company was fined €8.1 million of the total €648.9 million fined against a group of companies, including Chimei InnoLux, LG Display, AU Optronics, and Chunghwa Picture Tubes Ltd.

</doc>
<doc id="14243725" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14243725" title="Global Investment House">
Global Investment House

Global Investment House (Global) is an investment company incorporated in 1998, and falls under the regulation of the Capital Markets Authority of Kuwait. In late 2008 and early 2009 Global was hit by cash flow problems affecting its operations in several countries. Kuwait's Global Investment House 2010 loss $260 million.
Today, Global is an unlisted shareholding company, however the stock used to be listed on the Kuwait Stock Exchange (delisted as of 19 June 2013) and on the Bahrain Stock Exchange, with branches and affiliates in Bahrain, Dubai and Abu Dhabi (UAE), Jordan, Qatar, Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
Global’s assets under management as of December 2014 were KD 1.188 billion (USD 3.6 billion).
The Company still struggles with mark-to-market losses due to its proprietary investments although these have been ring fenced in a Bahrain-based Fund with the assets pledged to the creditors and are slowly being divested. The value of these assets are independently valued on a regular basis however the assets are long term investments that need time to mature before they can be sold. The ongoing litigation with The National Bank of Umm Al Qaiwain remains outstanding with a potential amount of about US$ 300mm being recoverable. The ongoing litigation remains outstanding as of July 2012 (with the decision once again being the subject of an appeal) with the firm (and the creditors) desperately holding onto the hope of one day receiving these monies. Fee-generative business lines continue to suffer both in terms of the general ongoing financial crisis and in terms of a general under performance of the Kuwait market. The lack of Government support for the Financial Sector as a whole has hurt the fledgling Investment Banking industry within Kuwait (see Investment Dar) and this stance is not likely to change in the near term.
On 22 December 2008, following Standard and Poor's downgrade of their debt to "speculative default" from investment grade a week before,it was reported that the company defaulted on $200 million in loans, and that HSBC had been appointed to deal with renegotiating this and other debts.
Despite the default, Global continued to pay all interest on outstanding debt obligations (no longer the case as of 2012)which many similar companies in the region have not done.

</doc>
<doc id="14249140" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14249140" title="Star One (satellite operator)">
Star One (satellite operator)

Star One (also known as Embratel Star One) is a Brazilian communication satellite company. It is a subsidiary of Embratel.
Star One was created in December 2000, as an arm of Embratel in the area of operation and administration of satellites. The company Star One owns one of the most reliable satellite controls of the entire planet. Its ISO certificate 9001: 2000, for the satellite control Service, was achieved after a migration between the ISO 9002: 1994 and ISO 9001: 2000. It is a historical fact for a company that was the first satellite operator in the world to have this service certified by ISO, which occurred in the year 1998.
This means that the Star One owns an international prestige. This certification is the recognition of the standardization of service established in the Brazilian satellite control, which has significantly improved, ensuring higher and better quality and reliability for users of satellites Brasilsat and Star One C. The main change from the old certificate concerns the examination of the conformity with ISO in almost all areas of Star One. The company is committed to quality of Service Control of satellites, and this commitment is an attestation of competence, generating even more peace of mind for its customers and partners. In the year 2011, aiming to ensure greater security of its services, the company joined the SDA (Space Data Association), which is the main institution that provides space surveillance service. That means, that the Star One is a company accredited in accordance with the requirements of Inmetro in Brazil, the Ansi-Rab in the United States and RVA in Netherlands. A pioneer in many respects, Star One earned his first licence in 1998 and still remains a step ahead when it comes to maintain rigid standards of quality control.
Star One own a small fleet of satellites.

</doc>
<doc id="14249906" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14249906" title="Regista">
Regista


</doc>
<doc id="14255691" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14255691" title="En+ Group">
En+ Group

En+ Group is a Russian energy-related company controlled by Oleg Deripaska. En+ Group owns a controlling interest in United Company RUSAL, owns the largest independent Russian power producer EuroSibEnergo, and is a supplier of ferromolybdenum as well as significant coal assets and logistics business. It reported revenues of $15.3 billion in 2011.
The formation of En+ Group was announced on 21 February 2006. It is registered in Jersey.
In 2011 VTB Capital paid $500 million for a 4.35% stake in the company, valuing the company at around $11.5 billion.
An IPO is planned on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2013–2014.
En+ Group is Russia-based diversified mining, metals and energy group. En+ Group holds:
The En+ Group coal division mined 16.8 million tons in 2011, with 90% used to generate power at its own power plants. The main asset is Vostsibugol in Irkutsk Oblast, along with other sites in eastern Siberia.

</doc>
<doc id="14256524" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14256524" title="The Student Association of the Norwegian School of Economics">
The Student Association of the Norwegian School of Economics

Student Association of the Norwegian School of Economics () or NHHS is the student union of the Norwegian School of Economics (NHH) in Bergen, Norway. All students at the school are members of NHHS, which is divided into 28 groups with another 37 associated groups.
The student union is among the most active in the country, and also among the wealthiest. The most prominent activities are the two biannual events UKEN, a festival, and NHH Symposiet, a business conference. Both provide large revenue that finance the rest of the student activities, even though Uken in 2006 lost larges sums of money. It also publishes the biweekly newspaper "K7 Bulletin". NHHS is led by an executive board with eight members, and in 2012 the chairman is Saliba Andreas Korkunc.
These groups are associated to NHHS since they operate exclusively at NHH, but are not subordinate since they often represent minority interests or belong to other organizations.

</doc>
<doc id="14259136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14259136" title="FXdirekt Bank">
FXdirekt Bank

FXdirekt Bank was an independent company that had around 90 employees at its peak. On December 21, 2012, it began to liquidate customer accounts and return customer assets, pursuant to the order of the German financial regulator, BaFin. The company headquarters were located in Oberhausen, Germany. FXdirekt Bank was a member of the EdW ("Entschädigungseinrichtung der Wertpapierhandelsunternehmen"), which was an organisation created to secure investor claims and was also registered as a commercial bank with the BaFin the German financial regulator.
The first German-language online trading platform FXdirekt was introduced onto the market in 2001 by the company ibas AG, which was closely associated with the FXdirekt Bank. The FXdirekt Bank was founded in 2004.
The CEO of FXdirekt was Mr.Wolfgang Stobbe, born on 21 May 1963. He helds 100% of all shares of the FXdirekt Bank AG.
The company was forced to liquidate customer accounts and return assets on December 21, 2012 by BaFin.

</doc>
<doc id="14260287" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14260287" title="Fidesco Group">
Fidesco Group

The Fidesco Group is one of the first and largest retail supermarket chains in Moldova. Fidesco Group was founded in 1992. Its main activity is import and retail/wholesale of food products. The legal form of ownership is a limited company, 100% owned by private capital.

</doc>
<doc id="14262097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14262097" title="Kogado Studio">
Kogado Studio


</doc>
<doc id="14262310" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14262310" title="Moori Kobo">
Moori Kobo

Moori was among the first to use a lamination technique to make a cue tip. Moori tips received their first major exposure during the WPA World Nine-ball Championship in October 1994, and prompted many other companies to begin manufacturing layered tips.
Currently, Moori makes tips in three degrees of hardness: slow (soft), medium, and quick (hard).

</doc>
<doc id="14269136" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14269136" title="Roadside Attractions">
Roadside Attractions

Roadside Attractions is an American production company and film distributor based in Los Angeles, California, founded in 2003 by Howard Cohen and Eric d’Arbeloff, specializing largely in independent films. Lionsgate bought a portion of Roadside in 2007.
All pictures were distributed by Roadside, unless said otherwise.

</doc>
<doc id="14273055" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14273055" title="Luxco">
Luxco

Luxco, Inc. is a privately owned producer and marketer of distilled beverages and liqueurs. Formerly called the David Sherman Corporation, the company was renamed in 2006. Founded in 1958 in St. Louis, Missouri, by David Sherman Sr. and Paul A. Lux, the company sells beverages across the United States with some international trade.
Some brands of Luxco are:
Luxco once owned the Admiral Nelson Spiced Rum brand, but it was sold in late 2011.
At the end of 2011, Luxco agreed to acquire all of the outstanding stock of Paramount Distillers Incorporated of Cleveland, Ohio and its Meier’s Wine Cellars subsidiary in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 2011, the Company had $220 million in sales and about 180 employees. In January 2013, Luxco bought Beam's Wolfschmidt, Dark Eyes, Calvert, Bellows, Canada House and Tempo brands for $65 million.
Manufacturing, packaging, marketing and distribution take place at the company facilities in St. Louis, Missouri.

</doc>
<doc id="14273235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14273235" title="Tanger Factory Outlet Centers">
Tanger Factory Outlet Centers

Tanger Factory Outlet Centers, Inc. () is a real estate company that owns the chain Tanger Outlets, an outlet mall company headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.
The company derives its name from founder Stanley Tanger who opened the Burlington Manufacturer's Outlet Center (BMOC) in Burlington, North Carolina, in 1981. As of 2011, the company has 35 centers in 24 states.
The company operates as a REIT. In June 1993 it became the first publicly traded outlet company when it was listed on the New York Stock Exchange.
As of December 31, 2006, Tanger's 30 centers represented a gross leasable area (GLA) of approximately and consisted of more than 1,800 stores, representing about 380 store brands. According to its website it had 150 million shoppers in 2006.
On January 24, 2011, it announced a $1 billion partnership with Canadian-based RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust to open up to 15 outlet locations in Canada within 7 years. It secured its first location in the Greater Toronto Area of Milton, Ontario at the Highway 401 and James Snow Parkway interchange to be ready for an April 2013 opening. Another planned location would be near the Canadian Tire Centre and Highway 417 in the western edge of Ottawa.
In November 2012, Tanger announced it will join Simon Property Group in constructing a new 400,000 sq. ft. center in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Tenants in its centers include Liz Claiborne, Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy, Polo Ralph Lauren, Reebok, Tommy Hilfiger, Nautica, Abercrombie & Fitch, Hollister, Eddie Bauer, Brooks Brothers and Nike.

</doc>
<doc id="14273983" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14273983" title="Yoursports">
Yoursports

YourSports is a social network and personalized newsfeed for sports. The goal is to be able to tell — at the city, state, country and regional network level — what the community is talking about, which particular teams, issues and pieces of content are most popular and least popular.
YourSports is attempting to create a social network to allow sports fans to have conversations with their friends and favorite athletes — about any sport, across the world. Users sign in to YourSports via login or Facebook. The latter auto-creates a profile using your name and a photo. From there, you can follow teams, cities, sports media properties, etc., and the content posted to those pages ends up in your news feed. If you become a “fan” of a team, for example, you’ll see content related to that team, and if you become a “foe,” you won’t. The data from these relationships is used to generate fandom rankings across all athletes and sports. 
Like Facebook, there’s a “Front Page” or main feed, where you can check out the links to articles people are posting and see notifications from within your network, reading articles newsfeed-style in realtime. You can reply to those articles (and the people posting them), share your replies on Facebook and Twitter and post your own sports-related content to start new conversations. 
YourSports is hoping to democratize content distribution in the sense that they want a random fan to be able to get as much distribution to the followers of the San Francisco Giants as the lead sports writer at the San Francisco Chronicle. How much interaction a particular post or link gets based on the number of reposts, shares and reactions, but the real key is that it provides, in theory, a better way to get your content out to the followers of your favorite sports team than Twitter. 
Professional athletes can put their sponsorships on their profile to market themselves. For example, Russell Wilson, an investor of YourSports, can put the shoes or jeans he wears on his profile. Fans can buy his products right off of YourSports. Wilson, his sponsors and YourSports all make money off of the transaction.
Besides allowing users to talk about what is currently going on in the sports world, YourSports has one of the largest historic sports databases on the internet. Fans can become a fan, or foe, of past seasons. For example, a Seattle Seahawks fan could be a foe of the 2008 season, when the team finished 4-12. That same fan could be a fan of the 2010 Seahawks season, when they upset the New Orleans Saints in the first round of the playoffs. Fans can connect to all of their favorite sports personalities and teams, all the way down to their past little league teams. On top of those connections, content and commerce can be re-imagined.
YourSports launched their Public Beta during the 2015 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament 

</doc>
<doc id="14275061" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14275061" title="Kobi Karp Architecture &amp; Interior Design">
Kobi Karp Architecture &amp; Interior Design

Kobi Karp Architecture & Interior Design, Inc. (KKAID) is an architectural and interior design firm founded by Miami architect Kobi Karp. KKAID is linked to the design of large-scale, high-rise condominium and hospitality projects to intimate, small-scale low-rise residential and commercial structures. It was founded in 1995 and in operation to date has been linked to $10 billion in projects globally.
Karp uses Ecological Building measures in his designs. Karp’s design of Absolut Lofts won a 2006 Pillars of the Industry Award and received an award from the Historical Preservation society for its use as an infill project. Karp designed the condo buildings in the green fashion before green was popular. 
In April 2007, the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) recognized Baylights Condominium a design project spearheaded by Karp as the first green residential building in South Florida.
In November 2007 Kobi was named “Architect of the Year” by the Developers & Builders Alliance 
The firm was one of the key figures in the early 90’s revival of Miami Beach’s historic Art Deco district that restored the city’s hotels and residential buildings. . Notable projects were the preservation and restoration of Miami Beach’s Astor, Edison, Clevelander and Breakwater hotels.
In addition to working extensively in the historic Art Deco district KKAID's projects can be seen across the Miami. The firm's portfolio range from intricate residential buildings to mixed used expansive skyscrapers.
KKAID has been international since 1988 but expanded their architectural and interior design services to new luxury clients. Some recent project locations include; Abu Dhabi, Dubai, Sochi, Cancun, Romania, Grenada, Russia, Mexico, and Asia.
In April 2007, the United States Green Building Council (USGBC) recognized Baylights Condominium a design project spearheaded by Karp as the first green residential building in South Florida.
Two large scale Miami projects currently in progress and designed by KKAID include Miami’s [Empire World Towers] and the [1101 Brickell] Building; both projects have the potential of being added to the list of the world’s tallest buildings.
The 1101 Brickell Building is a planned hi-rise recently approved by the City of Miami and the Federal Aviation Administration slated to be built in downtown Miami. When completed in early 2010 the 74 floor building will be the second tallest building in Miami at a height of 849 ft. The building slated to be constructed in the southern part of Miami's Brickell Financial District Miami Financial District was home to the former Banco Industrial de Venezuela building. Karp preserved the building and will build the new tower adjacent to it.
Empire World Towers, comprises two proposed super tall skyscrapers joined by three glass walkways connecting the two towers. Karp designed both towers to stand at 1,200 ft, with 106 stories each and be pedestrian friendly with commercial, retail and condo-hotel residential ambiance. When built, the complex would surpass the Four Seasons Hotel and Tower as the tallest buildings in Florida and may, become the two tallest all-residential buildings in the world.
Hospitality corporations such as Marriott, Hyatt, Hilton Hotels, Starwood, and Club Med; Development Corporations such as The Related Group, Fortune International, Cornerstone Group, Aldar Properties, and Nakheel employ KKAID to design new properties, renovate existing ones, create interiors and plan sites for pending development.
Hotel Chattar-Hyatt, Miami Beach
Hospitality Net 
Hotel Chattar-AC Hotel, Miami Beach 
Archinect-The Surf Club 
Haute Living-Hyatt 
The Wall Street Journal 
Archinect-Four Seasons 
Miami Herald-Business Monday 
The Wall Street Journal 
Empresaexterior 
The Wall Street Journal 
Business Wire-Hyatt, Miami Beach
Miami Herald-AC Hotel, Miami Beach
The Next Miami-North Miami Home
The Real Deal-Miami Beach Land
Globes-Tel Aviv Port
Israel21c-Buildings that Fit the Urban Fabric
The Real Deal-Buena Vista Villas
Achute-Design District
Miami Luxury Real Estate-1 Hotel and Homes
88 Design Box-Miami Beach Residence
CBS News-Panorama Brickell
Mansion Global-Bay Point House
The Miami Herald-Puerto Rican Debit Crisis
The Real Deal-Addison House Design District
Hotel Design Magazine-Hyatt Centric South
Hotel Chatter-Le Meridien
Tampa Bay-Le Meridien
83 Degrees Media-Le Meridien
WTVT-Image
1 Hotel South Beach
The Real Deal-Miami Beach
The Next Miami
Google Books
Miami Herald
Lux Life Miami Blog-Palazzo del Sol
Biz Journal
Wallpaper

</doc>
<doc id="14278504" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14278504" title="Von Duprin">
Von Duprin

Von Duprin is a brand of security products. It was the producer of the first "panic bar" style door mechanism that allows a door to a public building to be locked from the outside but still easy to exit from the inside.
In 1903 the Iroquois Theatre Fire in Chicago claimed the lives of almost 600 people. Carl Prinzler was supposed to attend a show at the theatre that fateful night, however, other business dealings called him elsewhere. In this era it was common for theatres and the like to lock interior and exterior doors to prevent non-paying persons from entering. This also inhibited persons on the inside from exiting. As was the case during the Iroquois Theatre Fire, all doors were locked and/or bolted which prevented patrons from exiting, causing most to be burned alive or succumbing to smoke inhalation. Prinzler was astounded at the enormous and senseless loss of life that night. He sought a way for doors into public facilities to be locked from the outside, but to allow egress from the inside with minimal effort during an emergency. Prinzler tapped into the architectural engineering abilities of Henry H. DuPont to develop a product. In 1908 the first model of a "panic bar" style egress device was released and Vonnegut Hardware Company was utilized to market it. Owing to the joint effort to develop and sell the product, it was sold under the name Von Duprin, a combination of the names Vonnegut, DuPont and Prinzler.
The popular 88 Series crossbar exit devices still manufactured by Von Duprin have appear similar to the original design, although significant engineering changes have been made.
Von Duprin continues to manufacture security related products and is a brand of Allegion plc.

</doc>
<doc id="14278790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14278790" title="Aircell">
Aircell

Gogo Business Aviation (formerly Aircell) is a division of Gogo Inflight Internet is a provider of in-flight broadband Internet service and other connectivity services for business aircraft. It is headquartered in Broomfield, CO.
Gogo Business Aviation is the only company in the United States authorized by the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) to use frequencies in the 800 MHz band for inflight communications. In June 2006, Gogo Business Aviation successfully bid $31.3 million for a 3 MHz air-to-ground spectrum in an FCC auction. The system is based on the TIA-856-A Evolution Data Optimized (EV-DO) standard.
Aircell began in 1991 in a barbecue joint in Denison, Texas, where company founder Jimmy Ray sketched his idea for an affordable telephone system for private airplanes on a paper napkin. Through a partnership with cellular providers, Aircell began providing analog-based voice communications on private aircraft in North America.
In 1998, Aircell received an FCC waiver granting it authority to operate its analog network.
In 2002, Aircell began offering Iridium satellite for global voice and narrowband data service.
In 2005, Aircell launched Axxess, a product that provides IP-based aircraft telephone systems, with handset and color display.
On August 1, 2007, American Airlines partnered with Aircell to offer broadband on American's flights. On September 13, 2007, Virgin America partnered with Aircell to add broadband capabilities to their flights.
On January 22, 2008, American Airlines completed the first aircraft installation of the Aircell Internet broadband connection at American's Kansas City maintenance base.
On February 29, 2008, Aircell unveiled the product name as Gogo Inflight Internet.
On August 5, 2008, Delta Air Lines announced it was installing Aircell's Gogo Inflight system on all of its airplanes over the subsequent year. Delta later decided to filter pornographic content on its flights after customer and employee responses. Delta now operates Gogo on all of its mainline and two-cabin regional aircraft, 
On August 20, 2008, Gogo went live on American Airlines.
On May 12, 2009, AirTran Airways announced it would install Aircell's Gogo Inflight System on all of its airplanes by late July 2009.
In June 2011, Aircell became a division of Gogo as part of a re-branding effort.
On February 24, 2010 Alaska Airlines announced it would install Aircell's Gogo Inflight system on all of its airplanes.
October 2012, Aircell is awarded Dristribution Partner status by Inmarsat for its SwiftBroadband L-Band service
On April 15, 2013 Aircell completed its acquisition of Airfone from LiveTV.
The original Airfone service was shut down on December 31, 2013.
On September 2, 2014, Aircell was officially rebranded as Gogo Business Aviation.
Aircell holds over 20 patents relating to technology for airborne telecommunications. Under the Gogo Biz Service, Aircell sells its ATG 2000, ATG 4000, ATG 5000, SwiftBroadband Service, Aircell Aviator 200, and Aircell Aviator 300/350 products.<ref name="Aircell Products/Services"></ref>
Formation Inc, a software company, based in Moorestown, New Jersey, developed two critical hardware components of Aircell's Gogo Inflight Internet system: its Central Processor Unit (ACPU) and the custom built Cabin Wireless Access Point (CWAP).

</doc>
<doc id="14278937" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14278937" title="Food Service Solutions">
Food Service Solutions

Food Service Solutions, Inc is a software development company based out of Altoona, Pennsylvania that successfully designed and implemented biometrics into a lunchline.
Founded in 1989, FSS uses biometric scanning technology to provide services for educational and institutional foodservice providers. The company has established a position of market leadership addressing two problems in school-based foodservice operations. The first is that school children eligible for free or reduce-fee lunches through government assistance programs often fail to participate because of the perceived social stigma associated with showing a special card or meal ticket in front of other students. The second is that in the foodservice POS industry, software has historically been proprietary, cumbersome for clients to self-administer, and difficult to integrate with other technologies.
FSS also has a webservice, www.myschoolaccount.com where parents can view what their child has been eating, what their lunch account balance is and also make payments with their credit card or checking/savings account.

</doc>
<doc id="14279831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14279831" title="Hermann Peters">
Hermann Peters

Hermann Peters GmbH & Co. KG was founded 1947 by Hermann Peters in Ennepetal, Germany and is globally known under the registered trademark Original PE since 1979.
The Family business is a leading spare parts and wear parts manufacturer for trucks and trailers of vehicle manufacturers such as DAF, Mercedes Benz, Iveco, MAN or BPW. The company deals also in the so-called Independent After Market with a wide product range.
The company is globally known for brake drums and brake disk for all current trucks and trailers. Furthermore, the company supplies spare and wear parts for the following product areas:

</doc>
<doc id="14280337" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14280337" title="Chemical Automatics Design Bureau">
Chemical Automatics Design Bureau

Chemical Automatics Design Bureau (CADB), also KB Khimavtomatika (, KBKhA), is a Russian design bureau founded by the NKAP (People's Commissariat of the Aircraft Industry) in 1941 and led by Semyon Kosberg until his death in 1965. Its origin dates back to a 1940 Moscow carburetor factory, evacuated to Berdsk in 1941, and then relocated to Voronezh city in 1945, where it now operates. Originally designated OKB-296 and tasked to develop fuel equipment for aviation engines, it was redesignated OKB-154 in 1946.
In 1965 A.D. Konopatov took over leadership. He was succeeded by V.S. Rachuk in 1993. During this time the company designed a wide range of high technology products, including liquid propellant rocket engines, a nuclear reactor for space use, the first Soviet gas laser with an output of 1 MW and the USSR's only operational nuclear rocket engine. The company has designed more than 60 liquid propellant engines with some 30 having entered production.
KB Khimavtomatika's original mandate was to develop aviation fuel systems for Soviet military during World War II. Kosberg had spent ten years working at the "Central Institute of Aircraft Engine Construction" on fuel systems and was tapped to run the new bureau. Approaching German armies required the group to relocate to Berdsk, Siberia, where Kosberg and his team of about 30 specialists developed direct injection fuel systems, eventually implemented on the La-5, La-7, Tupolev Tu-2 and Tu-2D. The new fuel systems provided a significant increase in performance over conventional gasoline fuel systems and eliminated carburetor float problems caused by aggressive combat flying. They competed with direct injection systems developed by Daimler Benz at the time. After the end of the war, the design bureau was moved to Voronezh, where it continued to design fuel systems for piston, turboprop and jet aircraft.
Successful work results were a basis for the reformation of Plant 154 Design Bureau into the independent company OCB-154. The new enterprise was to develop rocket engines.
The works were performed in two directions: development of LREs for space launch vehicles (LV) and missiles.
Start of works was marked by the meeting of S. Kosberg and S. Korolev on February 10, 1958. The result of this meeting was the joint development of oxygen-kerosene engine RD0105 for LV “Luna” LV stage (engine chief designer V. Koshelnikov). This engine allowed LV to reach second space velocity for the first time in the world, deliver USSR pennon to the Moon surface, make the round flight of the Moon and take pictures of Moon back side. Later on, one of the craters on its backside was named after S. Kosberg.
KBKhA developed LRE RD0109 for “Vostok” LV third stage (chief designer – V. Koshelnikov) on the basis of engine RD0105. The engine was more reliable and had higher technical specifications due to the creation of the new efficient lightweight combustion chamber. RD 0109 thrusts to orbit space ship Vostok with Y. Gagarin on board, all one-seat manned ships and different military and scientific spacecraft later. The development of space industry in the end of the 50th and beginning of 60th required the creation of more powerful LV for orbiting objects with mass up to 7000 kg. To fulfill this purpose, the Design bureau – on the basis of second stage engine RD0106 of military rocker P-9A - developed engines RD0107, RD0108, and RD0110 (chief designer Y. Gershkovits) for third stages of S. Korolev LVs “Molnia”, “Voshod”, “Soyuz” that ensured launches of interplanetary stations to Mars and Venus, orbiting space ships with 2 and 3 cosmonauts on board. Members of these crews were the first human beings entering into open space, made orbit docking and joint flight of two ships, including American “Apollo”. LV “Soyuz” is used to deliver payload to orbital stations.
Using highly reliable engine RD0110, over 1500 LV successful launches were performed. In the beginning of 1965, chief designer S. Kosberg died in a car accident. A. Konopatov was appointed as a lead designer of the Design Bureau.
Another milestone in the development of Russian space industry was the creation of powerful LV UR500 by General designer V. Chelomey. The LV was able to orbit heavy objects with weight up to 20 tons. For the second stage of LV “Proton” KBKhA created LRE RD0208 and RD0209 (chief designer V. Kozelkov), operating according to oxidizer rich preburner staged combustion schematic. As a prototype, engine RD0206 was used, installed on military missile UR-200. This LV orbited heavy automated stations “Proton”. LV UR500 was later named “Proton”.
Three-stage “Proton” was a more powerful LV, for whose second stage engines RD0208 and RD0209 were modernized. The modernized engines got indexes RD0210 and RD0211 (chief designer V. Kozelkov). For the third stage engine, RD0212 was renewed (chief designer Y. Gershkovits). Besides, for the position correction of “Almaz” space station, launched by “Proton”, KBKhA created pressure fed engine RD0225 (chief designer V. Borodin) and multiple startup (up to 100 times), with orbit stand-by mode (up to 2 years). These LV delivered Lunar excursion modules to the Moon, interplanetary spacecrafts that took probes of lunar soil and landed on Mars and Venus. It became possible to launch long-stay orbital stations “Salut” and “Mir”, as well as modules “Zarya” and “Zvezda” for International space station. For the moment, over 300 “Proton” LV launches have been performed.
Technical perfection of engines RD0110, RD0210, RD0211, RD0212 ensured their long life. For over 40 years these engines have launched different spacecrafts, automated stations, and manned space ships. High energy-weight characteristics and operation simplicity support their position in the best of Russian and foreign engines of the same class.
One of KBKhA priority directions was the completion of defense contracts – creation of LREs with high energy characteristics and reliability, with low production costs, without servicing during entire life. In 1957, using extensive experience acquired during the development of engines RD0100, RD0101, RD0102 for interceptors, the Design Bureau started the creation of engines for antiaircraft missiles (SAM) on self-ignited components. The first LRE RD0200 (chief designer A. Golubev) was developed for the second stage of S. Lavochkin 5В11 SAM. The engine was designed as open cycle engine with 1 : 10 throttle capability. The engine passed all types of tests and was serially manufactured
LRE RD0201 (chief designer L. Pozdnyakov) was designed for the third stage of P. Grushin B1100 SAM. The difference of the engine from RD0200 was four swivel combustion chambers due to which flight navigation was performed. In the end of the 50th, the question about the creation of a more powerful rocket R-9 arose, which was to replace rocket 8K72. In 1959-1962 the Design Bureau developed oxygen-kerosene engine RD0106 for LV second stage (block B) (chief designer – Y. Gershkovitz).
High energy characteristics, optimum mounting, relatively small height, simple operation, development time (on ground and flight) were the basis for the development of a variety of engines for Korolev’s space rockets, including RD0110 for the third stage (block И) of Soyuz LV. In the beginning of the 60th, long-term and prolific cooperation of KBKhA and Chelomey Design Bureau started, for whose LVs our design bureau developed about 20 LREs.
The creation of powerful LVs during these years required considerable increase of energy characteristics and operational features of LREs. And KBKhA was among the first to start the development of such LREs. In 1961-1964 RD0203 and RD0204 LREs (chief designer V. Kozelkov) for the first stage of rocket UR200 and RD0206 and RD0207 LREs (chief designer L. Pozdnyakov) for the second stage of the same rocket were developed.
These new engines were of advanced design, operate on storable fuel components and for the first time staged combustion cycle was used. The application of such schematic allowed double combustion chamber pressure (up to 150 kg/cm2 as compared to 70 kg/cm2 for open cycle engines) and excluded Isp losses for TPA turbine drive.
Powerful and highly economical engines created in short time, went through ground development and flight tests. The engines were a basis for the creation of new LREs. In 1963, Chelomei Design Bureau started the creation of the new rocket RS-10 for first stage KBKhA developed engines RD0216 and RD0217 were used in 1963-1966 (chief designer V. Koshelnikov). Higher technical and operational requirements to LV defined the necessity of high engine efficiency and reliability, protection of its inner cavities from the environment, etc. All these requirements were fulfilled and confirmed by ground and flight development testing as rocket component.
The experience acquired was the basis for development of new generation engines with higher combustion chamber pressures. First engines of this type were RD0233 and RD0234 (chief designer V. Kozelkov, lead designer V. Ezhov), created in 1969-1974 for RS-18 rocket first stage.
Further on, two engines were developed: staged combustion RD0235, and open cycle steering engine RD0236 (chief designer V. Kozelkov, lead designer Y. Garmanov) for RS-18 rocket second stage. Engine RD0235 was developed on the basis of RD0216 engine but it is more reliable due to better design and technology possibilities
The experience of LRE development was the basis for the engagement of KBKhA in 1967 in the development of engine RD0208 (lead designer Y. Gershkovich) for the second stage of rocket RS-20, designed by general designer M. Yangel. The engine was developed on the basis of a third stage engine RD0212, used in “Proton”, but it was more powerful and was differently applied within the stage.
The First Nuclear Rocket Engine
In 1965 KBKhA was involved into project of the development of nuclear rocket engines RD0410 and RD0411 (chief designer G. Chursin, lead designers – L. Nikitin, M. Biryukov, A. Belogurov, Y. Mamontov). The engines were specified for the acceleration and deceleration of spacecrafts and orbit correction for deep space explorations. Due to operating fluid high thermodynamic properties and high heating temperatures in the nuclear reactor, (up to 3 000 K), the engine possesses high efficiency (vacuum Isp 910 kg s/kg). For time and costs saving, the nuclear reactor and “cold” engine (feed system, regulation and control components) were developed in parallel. The nuclear reactor is designed according to heterogeneous schematic – its design utilizes block-mounting principle, which allowed to develop uranium-containing (fuel cell) assemblies and reactor separately. The results of the development of RD-0410 nuclear rocket engine were used for development of main turbopump of RD-0120 engine and were the basis for development of multimode space nuclear power plants.
In early 70s KBKhA began development of continuous high power, gas-dynamic of CO2-lasers (GDL), operating on the transformation of the heat energy of active gaseous medium, obtained with non-equilibrium expansion in supersonic nozzle grid, into electromagnetic radiation. The family of GDL samples was created with radiation energy from 10 to 600 kW and space on-board GDL RD0600 working on gaseous propellant (the leading designers — V.P. Koshelnikov, G.I. Zavision, V.Y. Guterman).
By 1954 the bureau was designing liquid-propellant rocket engines for super performance and experimental aircraft, the Yak-27V and E-50A, and from 1957 to 1962 they designed engines for anti-aircraft guided missiles. By the early 1960s the bureau was designing Liquid Propellant Rocket Engines (LPREs) for man-rated space launch vehicles.
Over several decades, the CADB became one of the Soviet Union's premier developers of LPREs, designing engines for the SS-11, SS-18 and SS-19 and ballistic missiles, among others. In one unique design, the engine is submerged in the UDMH propellant tank to save space (SS-N-23 submarine-launched ballistic missile). They also designed upper stage engines for the Soyuz and Proton space launch vehicles, along with the core engines for the Energia. The large volume of design work and continuous refinement led to a high degree of technical capability. During this same period in the United States (late 1960s - early 1970s), liquid engines on missiles were dropped in favor of solids, and the only LPRE being developed was the Space Shuttle Main Engine. The Kosberg design bureau parlayed their experience into the RD-0120 - the Soviet's first cryogenic engine with over 40 tonnes thrust. Despite designing mostly LOX/Kerosene or N2O4/UDMH engines, the LOX/LH2 RD-0120 had similar ratings and performance as the SSME, but with a lower cost due to the choice of technology.
CADB is currently offering the RD-0146 to the international market as an alternative to the RL-10. With a reduction in the market for LPRE's, the company has expanded into related fields, designing products for oil and gas, agricultural and medical industries.
KBKhA team possesses productive design experience, highly qualified scientists in staff (6 Ph.Ds and over 50 candidates of science), designers, production engineers, and workers who keep on working on the creation of the new rocket engines and power plants.
Since 1993 the development of four-chamber LOX-kerosene LRE RD-0124, 14D23 (the chief designers — V. Koselkov and V. Gorokhov, the lead designers — V. Borodin, A. Plis and V. Gurin) for the third stage of the general designer D. Koslov "Sojuz-2" launch vehicle has been conducted. The main engine destination — delivery into the orbit of different payloads: satellites, cargo and manned space vehicles. RD-0124 engine is developed as substitution for RD-0110. It has the practically identical interfaces, overall dimensions and mass, but it offers the higher specific parameters — the best of the developed LRE of this class. The engine operates according to oxidizer rich stage combustion cycle and has highe r (on 33 s) efficiency compared to RD-0110. This will allow to put into orbit larger payloads (~ 950 kg) or to ensure launching of "Sojuz-2" launch vehicle from spaceports located to the north of Baikonur. The conducted series of successful stand tests has confirmed the fulfillment of the specification requirements for main parameters. Two test-bench fire tests within LV “Soyuz-2” 3rd stage were performed that completed the 1st phase of on-ground engine development.
December 27, 2006, first flight test of the engine within LV “Soyuz-2b” was performed. In 1998 KBKhA has studied and determined the possibility of using the RD-0124 (the RD-0124A) for the second stage of space rocket complex "Angara", created by Khrunichev Design and Research center and aimed for orbiting multiple purpose space vehicles. The main differences from the requirements to base engine are the change of engine operating time of the main and final thrust stage.
On December 1, 2007, 150 fire tests were performed, with overall development time over 30,000 seconds, which confirmed the compliance of main parameters with Technical Task requirements.
RD-0750
In 1993-1998 large volume of design, analysis, research and experimental works on development of three-propellant dual-mode engine on the base of RD-0120 have been conducted as a KBKhA initiative. The propellants of the engine are: liquid hydrogen, kerosene, and liquid oxygen.
Studies and recommendations of the leading Russian R&D Institutes and foreign firms shown an economic feasibility of application of dual-mode three-propellant engines to advanced launch vehicles (especially single-staged) have become the real support for three-propellant engine works performance. The engine according to the first mode operates on oxygen and kerosene with the small addition of hydrogen and at the second operational mode - with oxygen and hydrogen.
As a result of this work, for the first time, in practice of LRE development, three-propellant dual-mode preburner (the lead designers – Y.A. Martynenko, V.A. Turtushov) successfully tested in KBKhA and in RD0750D demonstrator conditions at NIICHIMMASH.
In 1997 KBKhA according the Khrunichev Space Center Technical Specification has begun the development of the new oxygen-hydrogen engine RD-0146 (the chief designer — N.E. Titkov, the lead designer — I.V. Liplavy) for space boosters of advanced launchers options «Proton» and «Angara». For the first time in Russia the expander cycle engine has been developed with insurance of multiple in-flight starts. Since 2001, 4 engines were manufactured, independent tests of engine subassemblies and chamber with igniter were performed at modes higher than nominal. Altogether 30 fire tests at mode up to 109.5% and with overall operational time 1680 seconds were completed. The development time per each engine was 1604 seconds in 27 tests.
In 1995 the research work for development expander kerosene-hydrogen LREs for advanced space boost units and interorbital tows has been initiated. It has defined the engine configuration and performances. This work was completed by issue of technical proposal. On the basis of this work RKK «Energia» has issued specification for RD-0126 engine development that was presented in two variants:
Engine RD0126 - with a traditional Laval nozzle chamber, and RD0126Э with an expansion-deflection nozzle and ring throat (chief designer V. Grokhov, lead designer – I. Liplyavy).
Engine RD0126Э has the following advantages as compared to traditional LREs:
equal length, but higher vacuum Isp;
lighter weight with the same Isp;
possibility to obtain higher hydrogen temperature in cooling channels, which allows to use it as working medium for TPA turbine rotation;
possibility of engine ground testing performed under high-altitude conditions without gas-dynamic tube.
In 1998, test bench chamber with ring throat was tested. 5 sea level fire tests were performed that confirmed combustion products flow without boundary layer separation within high-altitude nozzle, which makes engine development considerably simpler. The calculated performance data complied with the design figures. Steady state operation process was stable; hardware is in satisfactory operable condition.
Since 1994 according Baranov CIAM Institute specification KBKhA has been developed experimental axial symmetrical scramjet 58L (the lead designers — Y.V. Liplavy, Y.A. Martynenko), for studying of processes of hydrogen combustion at stream velocities 3-6.5 M and altitudes of 20–35 km flight conditions. The liquid hydrogen is an engine fuel passing CC cooling channels and being introduced into the combustion zones. The combustion chamber is an annular and three-zone design. In the first zone the hydrogen combustion takes place in subsonic airflow, in two others — in supersonic flow. The combustion chamber is completely designed and manufactured in KBKhA, and the new and advanced design and technological solutions have been realized. In 1998 the flight tests of scramjet on board Kholod laboratory have been successfully conducted. The engine operation started at flight velocity 3 M, at the end of the flight on 77 s the vehicle velocity reached 6.47 M. For the first time in the world hydrogen combustion has taken place under supersonic flow conditions. Engine has operated according to the test program and without remarks under testing program.
in 2013 the Chemical Automatics Design Bureau successfully conducted a test bench magnetoplasmadynamic engine for long-distance space travel. Magnetoplasmadynamic engine without flaws ion engines.
At the test facility Chemical Automation Design Bureau has successfully completed a series of initial tests of the high ion electric propulsion. Tests carried out successfully on a special stand vacuum and confirmed the compliance parameters of the engine characteristics, laid down in the specifications.
Works with the engine continues: new tests planned for production resources and test the stability of proven performance in continuous operation.
Creation of electric rocket engines was started in the company in 2012. By developing ion electric propulsion team started after KBKhA won the 2013 competition of the Ministry of Education and Science of the Russian Federation to receive subsidies for the realization of complex projects for the organization of high-tech production. The company was among the winners of the project "Creation of high-tech production and testing base for the development, Metal processing and industrial production of the new generation of electric propulsion." 

</doc>
<doc id="14281224" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14281224" title="RS Technologies Inc.">
RS Technologies Inc.

RS Technologies Inc. (RS), formerly known as Resin Systems Inc., is a Canadian company that designs, engineers and manufactures composite utility poles. The company ships its patented poles – made from fiberglass and polyurethane resin – to customers around the world from its manufacturing facility in Tilbury, Ontario, Canada. RS poles present a light-weight, long-life, low-maintenance, environmentally superior alternative to traditional wood, steel and concrete.
The business was started in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada in 1995, as a material science company that developed and sold proprietary resin formulations for various applications, including industrial corrosion protection coatings.
In March 1997, the shares of the company began to trade publicly on what was then the equivalent of Canada’s TSX Venture Exchange.
In 2003, RS began filament winding cylindrical sections (called “modules”) which, when combined, form utility poles capable of carrying loads presented by power lines in a range of transmission and distribution voltages. In the same year, the first RS poles were installed in Canada’s Northwest Territories.
Between 2005 and 2007, RS re-located its manufacturing equipment from Edmonton to Calgary, Alberta, and then to Tilbury, Ontario. Over the next few years, the company refined its manufacturing processes, greatly improving yield and quality while also improving sales. In 2011, a new CEO was appointed, and in 2013, the board of directors changed significantly and RS became a private company. RS is currently principally owned and controlled by two shareholder groups: the Werklund Family Office, located in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, and Melbye Skandinavia AS, a family-owned enterprise located in Oslo, Norway and operating throughout Scandinavia.
RS poles are modular in nature in that each RS pole is made up of one or more modules. Various sized modules are selected and combined according to the engineering requirements to create poles and structures up to 155 feet (47.2 metres) in height. The poles are designed to address a wide range of strength, height and load conditions and technical standards.
Because of their modular design and strength, RS’s composite poles can be used safely in demanding transmission and distribution power lines with voltages ranging up to 345kV. Because composite poles are engineered products, performance characteristics can be specifically and consistently tailored to a given application. RS poles are designed using industry accepted finite element methods and analyses and performance has been confirmed by way of full-scale testing.

</doc>
<doc id="14282831" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14282831" title="RealAge">
RealAge

RealAge is a division of Sharecare that provides health information to consumers. Now the registration path for Sharecare.com, the stated mission of RealAge is to encourage consumers to maximize their health and wellness by making their "RealAge" younger. It was founded by Michael Roizen, currently the chief wellness officer at The Cleveland Clinic. In the RealAge Test, users typically fill out a questionnaire about their health history, which is then used to generate personalized content, including highly targeted advertisements. Most revenue comes from pharmaceutical companies paying to advertise their drugs to individuals who have taken the website test and become members.
RealAge has fueled five New York Times #1 best-selling books, including "RealAge: Are You as Young as You Can Be?", which has been promoted by Oprah Winfrey.
RealAge was owned by Hearst Magazines, which purchased it for an estimated $60 million to $70 million in 2007, when the company had $20 million in revenue. As of 2009, the company was profitable, making its money from pharmaceutical companies for which it compiles test results of RealAge members to whom it sends highly targeted marketing messages by e-mail. On March 8, 2012, Sharecare acquired RealAge for an undisclosed amount.
The RealAge Test has reputedly been taken by over 40 million people since 1999. The RealAge Test measures what is referred to as the "real age" of the test taker's body based on a questionnaire pertaining to how well he or she maintains their physical health. The RealAge concept suggests that what they call calendar age reflects a test-taker's age since birth, while their RealAge Test gauges the physiological age of the body and provides the true rate of an individual’s aging.
Through RealAge, Sharecare features a large number of supplementary health-risk evaluations that generate sets of proposals for individual users wellness regimes. Users of the site are given access to advice, articles, blogs, and advice aimed to improve their lifestyle choices and consumer habits, which purportedly will lower a person's "RealAge."

</doc>
<doc id="14285201" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14285201" title="Walsworth Publishing Company">
Walsworth Publishing Company

Walsworth produces catalogs and periodicals, and is the only American- and family-owned publisher of yearbooks. Started in 1937 by Don Walsworth, current leadership is under his son, Don O. Walsworth, CEO, and grandson, Don Walsworth, president. The company operates from administrative offices and printing and binding facilities in Marceline, Mo., a prepress facility in Brookfield, Mo., a sales and marketing office in Overland Park, Kan., and a printing facility in Saint Joseph, Mich. Additionally, Walsworth owns The Donning Company Publishers in Virginia Beach, Va., a specialty book publisher, and The Ovid Bell Press in Fulton, Mo., a printer of journals and magazines.
Walsworth Publishing Company, among the 35 largest printing companies in the U.S., is headquartered in Marceline, Mo.
In 1937, Don Walsworth settled in Marceline to print playbills with a borrowed typewriter and a mimeograph machine. Soon the product line expanded to include cookbooks and, following World War II, memorial books to honor those who had served.
In 1947, Walworth began to produce yearbooks. In 1970, the Commercial printing division was established to balance the cyclical yearbook production schedule, adding textbooks, catalogs, magazines and other specialty publications to the Walsworth line.
Walsworth is currently still a family-owned company that employs more than 1,250 people worldwide, and over 675 employees have attained Master Printer of America status.
The company operates from administrative offices and printing and binding facilities in Marceline, Mo., a prepress facility in Brookfield, Mo., a sales and marketing office in Overland Park, Kan., and a printing facility in Saint Joseph, Mich. Additionally, Walsworth owns the Donning Company Publishers in Virginia Beach, Va., a specialty book publisher, and The Ovid Bell Press in Fulton, Mo., a printer of journals and magazines.

</doc>
<doc id="14285737" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14285737" title="Vonnegut Hardware Company">
Vonnegut Hardware Company

Clemens Vonnegut, Sr., a German former textile salesman in Amsterdam, arrived in Indianapolis in 1850 and entered into a partnership with fellow German Charles Vollmer shortly thereafter. Their merchandising store was called Vollmer & Vonnegut. Vollmer left to go out West in 1852 but was never heard from again.
In 1858, Vonnegut bought the merchandise store he and his business partner Charles Volmer had run for several years. In 1898 Vonnegut, Sr. moved the business to 120 and 124 East Washington Street. Vonnegut, Sr. would remain president of the company until his death in 1906. In 1908 the store was incorporated as the Vonnegut Hardware Company. His business was located in downtown Indianapolis, Indiana and would remain a fixture for over 100 years.
Over time his sons had various interests in the company; some long-term and some only briefly.

</doc>
<doc id="14287141" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14287141" title="Compugraphic">
Compugraphic

Compugraphic Corporation was an American producer of typesetting systems and phototypesetting equipment, based, at the time of the Agfa merger, in Wilmington, Massachusetts, just a few miles from where it was founded. This company is not to be confused with Compugraphics, a British company founded 1967 in Aldershot, UK that specializes in the production of photomasks used in the production of integrated circuits.
Along with AM/Varityper and Mergenthaler, Compugraphic was at the vanguard of what was then considered to be a revolution in the graphic arts: "cold type." Prior to computerized typesetting systems such as those manufactured by Compugraphic, typography for magazines, newspapers and advertising was set using Linotype machines, which physically placed metal type forms (not unlike those found within manual typewriters) in line to form the headlines and text of their subjects. This was known as "hot type."
The emergence of cold type paralleled the development of web offset presses, particularly for newspapers, in the latter part of the 20th Century. The combination of cold type and offset presses dramatically reduced the expense of publishing a newspaper, especially labor costs. Harris and Goss were two companies that led in the development of web offset presses. The Goss Community press, which is still in production as of 2014, was an affordable solution for small and mid-size newspapers, and they frequently bought Compugraphic typesetting equipment at the same time.
When Compugraphic machines and their counterparts came to market, it represented a dramatic leap forward in speed and cost-efficiency and quickly made hot type technology obsolete. Ironically, cold type itself would become obsolete only a few decades later with the advent of desktop publishing and the graphics capabilities of Apple Macintosh, Commodore Amiga and Windows PC computers and the software that was developed for them by Adobe, Aldus, and others.
Compugraphic was founded in 1960 by William Garth Jr. in Brookline, Massachusetts. Along with Mr. Garth, Ellis Hanson and David Lunquist came from Photon, Corp. at the same time. Shortly thereafter, Earl Fortini joined the firm. The first hourly employee, with a Clock Number 1, was Leslie A. Clark.
The first product developed was the DTP, the Directory Tape Processor, an electro-mechanical machine, the size of a small upright freezer, and sold to publishers of telephone books.
In 1963, Compugraphic moved to Reading and commissioned Massachusetts-based Wang Laboratories to develop the Linasec, a computer used to prepare justified punched tape to drive linotype typesetting machines which were widely used in the printing industry, which at that time was based entirely on hot metal type.
In the late 1960s, Compugraphic introduced the 7200 and 2900 photocomposition machines. Prepared by a computer, a tape would be fed into a phototypesetter, which would imprint type from a strip of film onto Kodak-made Ektamatic (light-sensitive) paper, which would then be used for paste up. As the development of its systems progressed, Compugraphic continually included new technology such as larger CRT monitors, floppy-disk storage, and screen preview capabilities. Its most prolific product was the EditWriter, which could image onto photo paper up to 8 inches wide, could create type in sizes from 6 to 72 points by using various fixed lenses mounted on an internal turret, and stored information on 8" floppy disks.<br>
Following the success of the EditWriter, Compugraphic introduced the Modular Composition System, known as the "MCS". The entire system was modular, including the software, which was delivered on 5" floppy disks. As the product matured, a "WYSIWYG" display was added (the PreView) so that a user could see a "soft" view of a job before it was typeset. This was followed up by the PowerView whereby the user worked directly on a "WSIWYG" display. The MCS was a huge success, and also marked a change in technology from 8bit to 16bit (Intel 8086) cpu hardware.<br>
Offered along with the MCS input side were 3 output devices: The top of the line 8600 CRT typesetter, the smaller 8400 CRT typesetter, and the entry level 8200. The 8600 was remarkable in many ways, but foremost was its digital font processor system using a dedicated AMD bit-sliced processing system. This with its wide flat CRT made it a remarkably fast output device. Digitized fonts were encrypted to the individual machine, a feature of digital typefaces up until emergence of desktop publishing. The 8400 was a lower cost CRT machine, replacing the rather expensive 8" (and later 12") wide CRT of the 8600, with a small moveable 5" CRT that was positioned across its printing window as required. The low-cost 8200 was based on "spinning-font" and xenon flash-tube technology, very similar to the deprecated EditWriter and Compuwriter products. 8200 typefaces were images on a spinning disk, and a flash-tube fired at the appropriate moment to generate an image on the typesetting media. Most of this machine was made of plastic parts and were not unknown to break or warp.<br>
Compugraphic also offered a version of CPM/86 runnable on the MCS hardware, along with WordStar, CalcStar and an accounting package.
In 1978, Compugraphic developed the AdVantage®, which enabled operators to manipulate newspaper and magazine ad type on a display screen using an electronic pen, continuing to make life faster, easier and less expensive for their customers.
In the 1980s the Teletypesetting Co. developed a hardware and software interface that allowed Compugraphic phototypesetting machines to connect to personal computers such as the Apple II<br>
In 1987, a U.S. patent for Intellifont, a system of hinted scaling computer fonts, was granted to Thomas B. Hawkins of Compugraphic.
In the trading quarter to September 30, 1987, Compugraphic reported revenue of some $92 million In 1988, the company was acquired by the European image processing company, Agfa-Gevaert.
In 1990, printer and computing system manufacturer Hewlett-Packard adopted Intellifont scaling as part of its PCL 5 printer control protocol.

</doc>
<doc id="14288383" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14288383" title="Morelli (company)">
Morelli (company)

Morelli was an Italian coachbuilding firm based in Ferrara and active in the 1950s and the 1960s, making primarily Aluminum bodies for OSCA. Of the some 200 cars produced by OSCA, perhaps 80 were MT4 models, and of the MT4 models, records show 40 Spiders with Morelli of Ferrara bodies. All five OSCA FS 372 Spiders (an updated version of the MT4) were bodied by Morelli.

</doc>
<doc id="14288914" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14288914" title="Modu">
Modu

Modu was an Israeli mobile phone company founded in 2007 by Dov Moran. 
The company invented the Modu, a modular cellular device which could be used in various other devices. Modu held the record for the world’s lightest mobile phone. The Modu phone enabled users to personalize their mobile's looks and features by inserting it into a range of unique phone enclosures, known as Modu jackets.
Modu was headquartered in Kfar Saba and had over 130 employees. Engadget reported that Modu would cease operations in February 2011 as it attempted to pay back debts and salaries owed to its workers. 
In mid-May 2011, Google acquired several Modu Mobile patents for $4.9 million. In 2013, Google-owned Motorola announced it was developing a modular phone called Project Ara.
The Modu 1 phone contains 2GB of internal memory and a music player.

</doc>
<doc id="14288991" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14288991" title="Four Seasons Health Care">
Four Seasons Health Care

Four Seasons Health Care is an independent British provider of health and social care services. It owns The Huntercombe Group, a provider of inpatient mental healthcare and brain injury rehabilitation. Four Seasons, as it is today, was created by buying out smaller chains of care homes and rebranding them, as evidenced by the takeovers of Tamaris (formerly Quality Care Homes) and Bettercare.
Up until 1997 Four Seasons was a small operator working only in Scotland. The fortunes of the business were changed with the appointment of Hamilton Anstead as Chief Executive Officer. There followed a rapid expansion programme for the business which transformed it within seven years into the largest care home operator in the UK (it was subsequently overtaken). The business was attractive to many suitors and as a result it was sold for £775 million in 2004. Anstead ceased to be CEO in 2005.
The company was acquired in 2006 by Three Delta LLP, the investment fund backed by the state of Qatar, and further expanded. The acquisition was funded by debt which was readily available in a market where investors saw rising property prices and continuing demand for care for the elderly, much of it paid for by the public sector. However, the company was unable to pay its debts and with a downturn in the property markets was unable to refinance and the owners walked away, losing their investment.
Peter Calveley was appointed CEO in 2007 and his senior management team were left to resolve debts of circa £1.5 billion as a result of borrowings by its owners to buy the homes.
The Group completed a financial restructuring in December 2009, with lenders – banks and other financial institutions – agreeing to swap about £780 million debt for equity in the business, so becoming its new shareholders. Maturity of the remaining debt was extended to September 2012. Four Seasons was then trading profitably. Under Calveley’s leadership the quality of care performance changed from below sector average, to having 89% of its homes rated as good or excellent by the Care Quality Commission.
This turnaround in quality helped to drive up occupancy to levels of circa 88%. Another factor in the Group’s performance was Calveley’s strategy of anticipating market changes in order to provide specialist care. Four Seasons has 80% nursing or high dependency beds and 20% residential in contrast to the sector average of 55% residential. It developed services for people who are physically frail or suffering from the onset of dementia, chronic neurological conditions, respite care, intermediate care and rehabilitation, terminal care. Because there are few readily available alternatives for high dependency care – such as care provision at home – the market for higher dependency care is more resilient than the market for residential care.
 the Group had achieved substantial expansion without new borrowings, by acquiring the operations of Care Principles with 17 hospitals and homes – nearly doubling the size of FSHC’s specialist care business and 1,000 additional care home places (c. 6% growth) through acquisitions over the preceding year from Craegmoor and Eton Square Healthcare.
In 2012 the company was bought by Terra Firma Capital Partners for £825 million. It has three divisions: brighterkind with 80 private pay-focused care homes; Four Seasons which has around 350 homes; and The Huntercombe Group with around 40 specialist mental health facilities.
In November 2015 the company planned to sell 14 care homes as going concerns, and "a portfolio of homes currently run by third party operators" to assist its liquidity problems, hoping to raise £60 million. It has £500 million worth of debt, with annual interest and rent obligations of about £110 million. It later announced plans to close seven homes in Northern Ireland: Victoria Park and Stormont in Belfast; Antrim; Garvagh; Donaghcloney near Banbridge; Oakridge in Ballynahinch, County Down; Hamilton Court in Armagh.
In December 2015 it was reported that the company had sold £20 million worth of properties to Monarch Alternative Capital, a US investment fund which claims to specialise in swooping on “distressed and bankrupt” companies.
In April 2016 it reported a 39% drop in profits which was blamed on the cuts in the local government social care budget and the introduction of the UK living wage, although its average weekly care fees rose by 3.4 per cent. The company has net debt of £510 million, because Terra Firma borrowed heavily to fund the purchase in 2012. The business has to find annual interest payments of about £50 million. Earnings before interest, tax, debt and amortisation fell from £64.1 million in 2014 to £38.7 million in 2015. Its property portfolio has been revalued down by £224 million to £505 million and its credit rating has plummeted.

</doc>
<doc id="14290377" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14290377" title="EDP Renewables North America">
EDP Renewables North America

EDP Renewables North America (former names: Zilkha Renewable Energy and Horizon Wind Energy) is a wind energy developer based in Houston, Texas. It has developed wind farms in New York, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Washington, Oklahoma, Minnesota, Oregon, Texas, Indiana, and Illinois.
In 2005, the company (then called Zilkha Renewable Energy, and owned by Selim Zilkha and Michael Zilkha) was purchased by investment bank Goldman Sachs for an undisclosed sum and renamed Horizon Wind Energy, and was acquired by Energias de Portugal in 2007 for $2.15 billion. It became a part EDP Renewables which was listed in 2008. On 1 July 2011, the company changed its name from Horizon Wind Energy to EDP Renewables North America LLC.
EDP Renewables North America has developed the following operating projects:

</doc>
<doc id="14290678" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14290678" title="Globo Filmes">
Globo Filmes

Globo Filmes is a Brazilian company of movie productions, owned by Grupo Globo.
It was founded in 1998 by Roberto Marinho. The films produced or co-produced by the company obtained more than 90% of box office revenue from the Brazilian movie industry and more than 20% of the total market. The Globo Filmes is also responsible for distribution of films produced by her. So far have been produced 92 movies and 2 are in production. In all, the films produced reached around 70 million viewers in movie theaters and formed partnerships with more than 40 independent producers.
1998
1999
2000
2001
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
2007
2008
2009
2010
2011
2012

</doc>
<doc id="14292935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14292935" title="NEXTV">
NEXTV

NEXTV is a Canadian-based Over the Top provider that delivers digital television services via Internet. It launched in 2007 and is owned by Ethnic Channels Group, a Canadian ethnic broadcaster. NEXTV offers an array of multicultural channels to subscribers, via a set-top box and high speed Internet connection. In 2012, Ethnic Channels Group acquired a BDU license for the Greater Toronto Area.
NEXTV delivers video and audio to the subscriber's home using their existing high speed internet connection. In order to receive the services offered by NEXTV, consumers require a high-speed Internet connection with a speed of at least 5.0Mbit/s and a set-top box which can be purchased in local stores.
NEXTV is currently available to subscribers in Canada and United States.
NEXTV currently offers over 150 channels from Europe, Asia and North America. They currently offer packages catering to the following ethnic groups:

</doc>
<doc id="14296525" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14296525" title="Yonezawa PR21">
Yonezawa PR21

Yonezawa PR21 (also known as "Party Room 21") released Family Computer and Super Famicom video games during the 1990s. They also published a game for the Game Boy.
Most of the games produced were of the board game/trivia genres. Their most "notable" titles during their years of production were the Famicom game "Battle Storm" and the Super Famicom game "Super Hockey '94".
During the 1994 fiscal year, the company published a range of software for the Family Computer before Yonezawa was bought by Sega. After the buyout, the company changed name to Sega Yonezawa, which it was known as until it was merged into Sega Toys in 1998.

</doc>
<doc id="14298362" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14298362" title="Central Studios">
Central Studios

Central Studios was a motion picture movie studio in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India, started by B.Rangaswamy Naidu (a.k.a. B. R. Naidu) and other prominent industrialists like Swamikannu Vincent of Coimbatore in 1935 to make Tamil and other South Indian language movies. The Studio was a major hub of Tamil Movie production and notable for many early day Tamil Movie Superstars starting and spending their early part of career in this Studio.
Movies became a major industry in Coimbatore when in 1905 a South Indian Railways employee Samikannu Vincent purchased a film projector along with some silent films from a Frenchman named Du Pont who had fallen ill on his touring exhibition. Samikannu Vincent then built a business as film exhibitor first by traveling around the country and finally erecting tents theaters for screening films. His tent cinema became popular as he traveled all over the state with his mobile unit. In 1917, Samikannu Vincent built South India's first permanent cinema theater, Variety Hall Cinema, at the Town Hall; it is now called the Delite Theater. As Samikannu Vincent also generated his own electric power for his theaters, he built a series of theaters in and around the city to screen silent films. He also became a distributor for the French Pathé Frères movie projectors. In the early 1930s he launched the Variety Hall Talkies banner to make sound film (a.k.a. talkies) and released a few movies which were mainly shot in Calcutta. Feeling a need to have a movie studio, he was instrumental, along with other industrialists and movie makers, in establishing a fully equipped studio in Coimbatore.
Also during the late 1920s, another firm under Sabapathy was involved in the distributorship of an Italian movie projector company, eventually leading to the manufacture of their own brand of movie projectors in Coimbatore. By the early thirties Coimbatore already had a studio named Premier Cinetone Studio (later renamed Pakshiraja Studios). In 1935 a London-educated graduate, T. R. Sundaram, built a fully equipped movie studio, Modern Theatres, in Salem, and the region became the central hub for movie activity.
Central Studio was founded by a group of prominent industrialists B. Rangaswamy Naidu, R. K. Ramakrishnan Chettiar (brother of India's first Finance Minister R. K. Shanmukham Chetty), Samikannu Vincent, and another new movie director S. M. Sriramulu Naidu (who joined as a working partner). Studio commenced its operation in 1936 with their first release being Thukkaram in 1937 directed by S. M. Sriramulu Naidu. By the early 1940s the Studio became the central hub of Tamil Movie industry.
The Studio is located in Uppilipalayam near Singanallur township, Trichy Road which is today a part of Coimbatore city. The Studio had almost all modern facilities required for a Movie studio along with Sound and film editing labs and technical workshops. The sound engineers and cameramen were all Germans during the 30s. The studio also had a music department headed by S. M. Subbaiah Naidu. The studio also boasted the BNC Mitchell Camera which cost a whopping Rs 500,000 in the 1930s. Most of the artists and technicians were on monthly payroll.
Central Studio released few movies, but the Studio housed lot of other production banners. The most popular being Jupiter Pictures and Pakshiraja Films. Other production houses that operated inside the studio were Narayanan and Company, Manorama Pictures and Venu Pictures. The then popular comedian trio N. S. Krishnan and T. Mathuram had their independent production unit, Ashoka Films inside the premises. They often made their comedy track independently and sold to other Movie producers who later released as ‘side reel’.
The studio was a central hub during the early days for Tamil movies first 'Superstars' P. U. Chinnappa and M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar. The popular comedian N. S. Krishnan and T. A. Mathuram had their own office in the studio premises. The Silver Jubilee hit movie of 1936 Sivakavi starring M. K. Thyagaraja Bhagavathar, was an in-house production, as well as several socially significant movies. Other latter day popular Tamil movie stars who started or spent their early days were the two Tamil Nadu state Chief Ministers M. G. Ramachandran and M. Karunanidhi. The Studio housed famous musicians S. M. Subbaiah Naidu and G. Ramanathan along with Papanasam Sivan who had composed for some of the Studio Movies. The popular music composer M. S. Viswanathan and lyricist Kannadasan too spent their initial days at this studio for moving to Chennai.
Famous directors who operated out of the Studio were S. M. Sriramulu Naidu, Ellis R. Dungan, A. S. A. Swamy, A. P. Nagarajan and popular duo Krishnan - Panju who directed their first movie in Central Studios.India's pioneering Cinematographer Adi Merwan Irani worked in this studio for Sivakavi and Haridas. Sando Chinnappa Thevar, a local lad who would later become one of the successful Tamil cinema producers started his career as an actor in this studio.
In 1945 S. M. Sriramulu Naidu left Central Studios to start his own Studio called Pakshiraja Studios and B. Rangaswamy Naidu family bought out majority of its shares. During the early 50s the management leased leased the Studio to Jupiter Pictures. After B. R. Naidu’s demise the Studio management passed on to Lakshmi Mills family who closed it in 1955 as Chennai by then emerged as the major Movie hub and also as a result of other lobbying groups who wanted to keep movie industry out of Coimbatore, as it was then emerging into an Industrial and Educational hub.
Most of the Studio structure is still intact as the B. R. Naidu family uses the premises for various industrial activities. Some of the buildings houses Textile production units and small workshops. During the 70s and 80s race car constructor and driver S. Karivardhan used the studio premises to build and test his race cars.
Till 2009 the text impression ‘ Central Studios’ can found at their main entrance gate. Recently in 2010 some structures were pulled down to make way for new developments. Post 2013 the studio premises was split between the family members of B. R. Naidu and tough the buildings remain as it, the approach roads are different and still remain private.
Movies listed here are partial list only. The list includes other Production houses operating from Central Studios.

</doc>
<doc id="14299145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14299145" title="Astor Pictures">
Astor Pictures

Astor Pictures was a motion picture distribution service in operation from 1930 to 1963, founded by Robert M. Savini (29 August 1886 – 29 April 1956). The company specialised in re-releases of films and produced some of their own product in the 1950s. 
During its first decade, Astor, located at 130 West 46th Street in New York City, primarily invested in other companies' films to acquire capital, and became parent company to Savini's first business, Atlantic Pictures, a film distribution exchange system located throughout the Southern United States. In 1939, Savini acquired the rights to other companies' motion pictures for profitable national re-release and put these out under the Astor name and logo. Among the first titles were revised sound versions of "Wings" and "Tumbleweeds" which Astor prepared, along with the complete library of Educational Pictures short subjects, Poverty Row westerns of the 1930s, and a number of Grand National Pictures' non-western product. 
Subsequently, Astor began limited production of a variety of b-films, including a few race films, and co-financing other films produced by other hands, including some British B-mysteries, along with continued select reissues. The company focussed on distribution to rural, small-town and neighborhood theatres, not setting its sights too high, and thereby remained solvent throughout the War years. A "Billboard" magazine article of 8 Jun 1946 stated Astor had 26 branch offices in the United States. In the 1950s, Astor created a subsidiary, Atlantic Television Corporation, for syndication of much of its earlier product, while continuing to engage in making new pictures, such as "Cat Women of the Moon", and picking up others for distribution, such as "Robot Monster". 
In the late 1950s, however, Astor's fortunes began to fail, along with those of other companies such as Republic Pictures and RKO Radio Pictures. Astor attempted to survive by distributing art films, such as "La Dolce Vita" and "Peeping Tom" but could not overcome the financial realities of the American motion picture industry at that time, nor its reputation for only marketing lesser fare. By 1963, Astor was out of business.
After Savini's death, Astor and Atlantic Television were acquired by George F. Foley, Jr. and Franklin Bruder, who released European films in the USA. It is probably here the Astor name is best remembered, for in three years they brought several cinematic classics to theaters in the early 1960s. Astor's biggest success was undoubtedly Federico Fellini's "La Dolce Vita" (1960), which was a huge box-office hit for the company, and allowed it to continue to release foreign films such as Michael Powell's "Peeping Tom" (1960), François Truffaut's "Shoot the Piano Player" (1960), Alain Resnais' "Last Year at Marienbad" (1961) and Orson Welles' "The Trial" (1962). However, despite its success with such important films, Astor went bankrupt in 1963.

</doc>
<doc id="14299444" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14299444" title="Grand National Films Inc.">
Grand National Films Inc.

Grand National Films, Inc (or Grand National Pictures, Grand National Productions and Grand National Film Distributing Co.) was an American Poverty Row motion picture production-distribution company in operation from 1936 to 1939. The company had no relation to the British Grand National Pictures.
Edward L. Alperson, a film exchange manager, founded Grand National in 1936 on the heels of the collapse of First Division Pictures, of which he was on the Board of Directors. He began in April, 1936, by taking over First Division's existing product line and contracts and continuing their availability as Grand National Film Distributing Company. By the summer, he had begun development of a California-based production entity, Grand National Productions, at the Educational Pictures studios, to create future product. By October, he had his first original films ready for release. Alperson dreamed up the studio's logo, a futuristic clock tower, with an idea to advertise "it's time to see a Grand National release".
Grand National introduced singing cowboy Tex Ritter, securing the company's position with the public They also bought the rights to one British Boris Karloff film, featured singing cowboy Tex Fletcher and singing cowgirl Dorothy Page in two other series of westerns, and made a series of mysteries with the character of The Shadow. Apart from westerns, its most consistent talent may have been comedy director Charles Lamont. Grand National made a few features in Cinecolor that it called "Hirlicolor", after producer George Hirliman. The studio also had overseas distribution with Associated British Pictures Corporation.
In 1937, Grand National was able to sign up actor James Cagney, after he had a falling out with his home studio, Warner Bros.. After making "Great Guy", Cagney was offered "Angels With Dirty Faces", which Grand National had acquired, but Cagney was worried about being typecast as a gangster, as he had been at Warner Bros., and opted instead for a musical satire on Hollywood called "Something to Sing About", directed by Victor Schertzinger. Despite Cagney's presence, however, neither picture turned a profit and, as the company's biggest investment, brought on Grand National's collapse.
The studio went into liquidation in 1939, with its completed but unreleased films sold to Universal Pictures for release under its name. The negatives of Grand National westerns were acquired by Screencraft Pictures, and others were acquired by Astor Pictures, for re-release. The studio complex was acquired by Producers Releasing Corporation.
Grand National released a total of 100 films in its three-year run. Many of its titles have lapsed into the public domain and are legally accessible online.

</doc>
<doc id="14299595" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14299595" title="Eye-Fi">
Eye-Fi

Eye-Fi is a company based in Mountain View, California that produces SD memory cards and SDHC cards with Wi-Fi capabilities. Using an Eye-Fi card inside a digital camera, one can wirelessly and automatically upload digital photos to a local computer or a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet.
Eye-Fi offers three models, varying in speed, storage capacity, and software services provided.
Eye-Fi is originally known for its WiFi enabled SD card ("Cards")product line which began commercial shipments in 2007. Since its original creation, Eye-Fi has continually released upgraded versions of its hardware products, most recently the Eyefi MobiPro WiFi SD cards available in 16GB and 32GB capacities.
Eye-Fi Cards are compatible with virtually all digital cameras manufactured since 2010. Approximately 400 models from Canon, Nikon, Sony, Olympus, Casio and others also include Eyefi firmware built into their cameras under the Eye-Fi Connected branding. Eyefi Connected cameras are able to control various functions of the Eye-Fi Cards, including the ability to manually turn the WiFi feature on/off.
The core feature of all Eyefi Cards is the ability to automatically detect when a new image file has been captured on a camera.
Once a device running the Eyefi Mobi software detects the presence of an Eyefi Mobi Card, any new images captured on the Card are automatically sent to the device running the Eyefi Mobi app. This mode is referred to as "automatic transfer". In addition, the Mobi Pro product line provides for a "selective transfer" mode in which only photos designated by the user are transferred to the Eyefi Mobi app. Identification of which files to transfer is accomplished using an in-camera operation, usually consistent with files designated as "protected" or "locked".
Initial set-up of Eyefi Mobi and Eyefi Mobi Pro Cards is accomplished by installing the Eyefi Mobi app on the users device. Once installed, the user is directed to insert the Eyefi Card into their camera and to capture a photo or video. When users start the Eyefi Mobi app on their device the first time, they are prompted to enter the "activation code" for their Eyefi Card. The activation code is provided on a card inside the Eyefi product packaging. Once the user enters the code into the app, the Eyefi Card will begin transferring new files to that device. The set-up operation must be completed for any device the user wishes to transfer images from their camera. Once completed, the set-up does not need to be repeated.
Eyefi Mobi Pro products support two major WiFi network types - so called "direct" and "infrastructure" wireless networks. A direct network connection is a peer-to-peer transfer between the Card and the device running the Eyefi app. Infrastructure transfer is accomplished when both the Card and the device running the Eyefi Mobi app are within range of the same router based network. In the latter case, the Eyefi Mobi Pro card must be set-up to recognize the SSID and password of the router based network. Configuration of the Eyefi Mobi Pro Card to enabled selective transfer as well as set-up for router based transfer is accomplished using the Eyefi Mobi Desktop apps on Mac and Windows PC platforms. Eyefi Mobi Cards only support direct mode, automatic file transfer so no desktop set-up is required.
The card was designed by Eye-Fi and is manufactured in Thailand with proprietary and off-the-shelf components.
The company abruptly announced on June 30, 2016 that, due to security vulnerabilities present in the cards, all previous generation cards (X2 and before) will cease to be supported by the company's proprietary software after 16 September 2016.
Users who wished to continue to be able to use X2 cards regardless created a petition in order to encourage Eye-Fi to reconsider the discontinuation of services for the legacy X2 cards. The petition offers the possible solution of offering a subscription to those customers wishing to continue using their X2 range cards.
In August 2016, in response to these complaints, Eye-Fi announced the "one-time release" of a new, Mac-only software utility "to allow more time for customers seeking an alternative WiFi SD card solution." No updates or support are offered.
Eye-Fi released all new software starting in June, 2014 based on the Eye-Fi Mobi product line.
The Eye-Fi Mobi apps and desktop software are proprietary software products available for Apple and Microsoft's desktop and mobile operating systems, and Google's mobile operating system. They are not offered for GNU/Linux.
Eye-Fi Mobi apps are able to receive photos and videos from cameras equipped with the Eye-Fi Mobi WiFi SD memory card. The company announced in October 2015 that the apps will also directly connect to cameras with built-in WiFi radio modules such as GoPro, and selected models from Canon, Casio, Nikon and Olympus.
New photos and videos received into Eye-Fi Mobi apps are saved locally to the native device and optionally can be synchronized to the Eye-Fi Cloud "storage" service. Eye-Fi Cloud provides a hub for all user devices to sync their private photo collection. Original image files are retained in Eye-Fi Cloud and photo are then saved in a compressed JPEG file format to save space on synchronized devices. The original files are always available via browser access to Eye-Fi Cloud (app.eyefi.com). Video files transferred to Eye-Fi Cloud are also saved in their original format but are also transcoded into a streaming media format. Once transcoded, video's can be played back on inside Eye-Fi Mobi apps and within a browser via in-app streaming at 480p resolution.
Beyond storage, Eye-Fi Cloud also provides a range of features designed to simplify organization, access and sharing of private image collections. The enhanced features include machine learning based analytics of a photo collection, branded as Smart Tags, search based organization "Smart Views" as well as more traditional tagging and album creation. Sharing is accomplished via a variety of methods and generally intended for limited private sharing to individuals and small groups.
Eye-Fi Cloud is free for users that purchase an Eye-Fi Mobi Pro version of the products for a period of 1-year following activation. Eye-Fi Mobi apps are free for perpetual use with any Eye-Fi Mobi branded product. The use of Eye-Fi Cloud for smartphones and cameras with built-in WiFi is possible only to users with a 30-day or 1-Subscription. As of October 2015, the monthly subscription for Eye-Fi Cloud is $4.99 (USD) and the annual subscription is $49.99 (USD). Active Eye-Fi Cloud subscriptions support unlimited storage for photos and up to 300 (15-minute length ea) videos per month.
Eye-Fi offers an iPhone app, App Store.
The company also offers apps for Android and Windows Phones in the Google Play Store and Windows Phone store.
Third-party free software exists to enable Eye-Fi cards to be accessed from GNU/Linux.
Adobe Lightroom
Some portable document scanners such as the Doxie Go + Wi-Fi and the Xerox Mobile Scanner make use of an Eye-Fi card to provide Wi-Fi capability for document upload.
Eye-Fi has won the following recognition:
In November 2007, "Wall Street Journal" writer Katherine Boehret called the Eye-Fi card "a terrific little tool".
The magazine "Wired" placed the Eye-Fi Pro on their "2009 Wish List", calling it "Arbus meets Airbus".
In October 2010, "Time" magazine technology editor Peter Ha placed the original 2 GB Eye-Fi card on his list of "the 100 greatest and most influential gadgets from 1923 to the present".
Eye-Fi was founded in 2005 by Yuval Koren, Ziv Gillat, Eugene Feinberg and Berend Ozceri. Jef Holove became the CEO in September 2007, with Yuval Koren taking over in May 2011. Matt DiMaria became CEO of Eye-Fi in April, 2013.
Discontinued models include "Explore X2", "Geo X2", "Pro", "Geo", "Home/Video", "Share/Video", "Explore Video" and an "Anniversary Edition".

</doc>
<doc id="14300347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14300347" title="HUB Uitgevers">
HUB Uitgevers

HUB Uitgevers (HUB Publishers) was a Netherlands-based magazine publisher. HUB Uitgevers was founded in 1993 and has grown to be one of the leading IT publishers, with over 15 consumer titles, and a number of business-to-business magazines. More recently they ventured into the lifestyle segment publishing two women's and a men's magazine.
In November 2007, HUB Uitgevers took over four magazine titles from VNU Media: "Computer Idee", "PCM", "Power Unlimited" and the Dutch license for "Gizmodo" magazine. In 2010 HUB Uitgevers acquired a considerable stake in Focus Media, publisher of the Netherlands' oldest photography magazine.
On August 26 the publisher filed for bankruptcy, one day later the bankruptcy was granted.

</doc>
<doc id="14300490" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14300490" title="Philtrust Bank">
Philtrust Bank

Philtrust Bank, formally known as the Philippine Trust Company is one of the oldest private universal banks in the Philippines. Founded on October 16, 1916, its history parallels the growth of the Philippine banking system. It is the third bank to be established in the Philippines, after Bank of the Philippine Islands and Philippine National Bank. The bank is one of the businesses owned by Chinese-Filipino businessman, Emilio Yap.
As of December 16, 2010, Philtrust Bank has a total market capitalization of P40.6 billion and share price of P70.00.
As of March 31, 2012, it has Total Assets of R103.767 Billion, Total Deposits of R87.628 Billion, Total Net Worth of R15.431 Billion, Total Paid-Up Capital of R10 Billion with Authorized Capital Stock of R22 Billion.
To date, Philtrust Bank has a total of 40 branches in Metro Manila and 21 provincial branches.
Philtrust Bank was established in 1916 as the first bank to engage in trust business, still non-existent in the early 1900s despite the increasing demand for estate administration and guardianship services. The bank started with just one million authorized capital stocks, half of which was paid up.
Even the Office of the United States Veterans Administration, then known as the Veterans Bureau, engaged Philippine Trust Company to handle guardianship of deceased Veteran's children. Among the customers of Philtrust Bank was Gen. Douglas MacArthur.
After World War Two, the government, through the Rehabilitation Finance Corporation infused fresh capital. The bank’s authorized capital stock was increased to P3 million, of which, P2 million was paid-up between existing shareholders and the RFC.
The bank’s resources continued to grow and by 1966, 50 years after its founding, it had a total resources of P119.5 million.
In 1978, several parties expressed interest in acquiring controlling interest and approached the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Manila (RCAM), the principal stockholder of Philtrust Bank then. The late Jaime Cardinal Sin eventually decided to sell the stake to Emilio T. Yap because he believed that Yap “could maintain the trust and confidence of the Bank’s clients and would contribute greatly to the growth, stability and success of the Bank.”
On October 17, 1978, Yap took over Philtrust Bank and in 1988, Philtrust bank was listed in the Makati Stock Exchange and Manila Stock Exchange.
In 2007, the Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas granted universal banking license to Philtrust Bank. The Philippines’ Security and Exchange Commission also approved the registration of the Bank's Amended Articles of Incorporation, with powers among others, to engage in the business of expanded commercial banking as a universal bank, to carry on the business of a trust company, exercise the powers of investment houses as provided in pertinent laws and the power and authority to invest in the equity of allied and non-allied corporations, business or undertakings, and to perform such other acts and functions as may be permitted by law.
In 2006, Yap, through Philtrust Bank, announced the acquisition of the 58% share of Philippine Bank of Communications owned by the Chung and Nubla families, for P3 billion or P30 per share. The bid was higher than Lucio Tan’s P20 per share offer. However, in 2009, Yap withdrew its bid saying the officers of Philtrust Bank are no longer interested in acquiring PBCom.
Departing from neoclassical style was the Art Nouveau Mariano Uy Chaco Building, now the Philtrust Building, designed by Samuel E. Rowell in 1914. The building was the headquarters of Uy Chaco and Sons, a hardware firm that imported and distributed American products locally. The six-storey structure, located at the northwestern corner of the former Plaza Cervantes, featured undulating balconies with elaborate wrought iron grilles set into its apex. Such organic patterns, shown in the ironworks and fluid curves exhibited in the balconies were the essential characteristics of the Art Nouveau style. The building possessed articulated bays totalling to eight; each consisted of an arch on the first floor and a slightly projecting, curved balcony on the third, fourth and fifth floors. The facade was broken at the sixth floor by an open circulation space accented by alternating narrow and wide, oval-shaped frames.
There is an ornamental, projecting turret crowned by a ribbed, eight-sided, bell-shaped cupola surfaced by iron tiles made to appear like shingles on the corner facing Plaza Cervantes. The turret doubled as a clock tower, with a series of clocks surrounding the circumference of the cupola’s base. The oldest-looking portion of the building’s facade was the first floor, as it evoked a Neo-Renaissance character with its stylized rusticated bands and stepped arches with false keystones.
Its principal activities remain in commercial and investment banking services. Philtrust offers domestic, international and trust services.
Its domestic services offered are: savings, checking and time deposits, money market placements, business loans, remittances, transfer of funds and collections, safety deposit services and securities investments.
International transactions include: traveler's cheque, foreign exchange, Foreign Currency Deposit Unit transactions, commercial letters of credit, international remittances and collections.
They also provide trust operations and investment management: trust placement, investment management, estate administration / trustee of bond issues escrow services, administration of savings, insurance and pension plans, stock registry and transfer agent services.

</doc>
<doc id="14300587" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14300587" title="DTAC">
DTAC

Total Access Communication Public Company Limited, commonly known as DTAC, is the second largest GSM mobile phone provider in Thailand after AIS. DTAC is owned by Telenor both directly and indirectly, and both companies share the same logo. , DTAC had 23.2 million subscribers with the market share of subscribers at around 30 percent.
In 2015 DTAC reported total assets of 110,965 million baht, with revenues of 87,753 million baht, and a net profit of 5,893 million baht.
As of 11 April 2012, DTAC's parent company became BCTN Holding.
DTAC has won the "Best Mobile Operator of Thailand" award for three consecutive years (2005–2007) from Asian MobileNews Awards 2007, organized by "Asian MobileNews" Magazine.
DTAC claims to have the second widest coverage nationwide, compared to its main rival AIS, with more than 13,000 base stations installed as of 2016 on the 850 MHz, 1800 MHz and 2100 MHz bands.
As of 2013 DTAC is offering both EDGE and 3G services on its postpaid and prepaid brands DTAC Happy. Unlimited Internet access stands at a price of 999 baht per month or 49 baht per day (numerous cheaper hourly packages are available, and, in 2010, traffic-based packages were also introduced, obviously due to the increasing popularity of smartphones). DTAC has international roaming agreements with 147 countries.
Currently DTAC is offering 3G commercial service as seen on this coverage map.<ref name="3G/4G Coverage Map"></ref> 3G+ service can be used with 3G+ compatible mobile devices (WCDMA 850 and 2100 and/or HSPA/HSPA+ 850 and 2100) with speeds of up to 42 Mbit/s.
4G LTE service is available as of 2014 on the 2100 MHz band, and the enhanced 4G LTE service on the 1800 MHz and 2100 MHz bands "(Not Carrier Aggregation)" has been available in the major areas of Bangkok since October 2015 and had extended their coverage level to the major areas of the country since March 2016, and claims to have their 4G LTE coverage nationwide within the end of 2016. DTAC claims to have their 4G LTE network 3 times faster than before.
DTAC includes the following subsidiaries :

</doc>
<doc id="14304615" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14304615" title="Bergen Port Authority">
Bergen Port Authority

Bergen Port Authority () is an intermunicipal enterprise owned by the municipalities of Askøy, Austrheim, Bergen, Fedje, Fjell, Lindås, Meland, Os, Radøy, Sund and Øygarden as well as Hordaland county municipality. The port authority operates all seaports in the designated area, including Bergen Port and the oil refinery Mongstad. There are also bunkering terminals, a dry dock and floating docks within the jurisdiction of the authority.

</doc>
<doc id="14307616" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14307616" title="CIMIC Group">
CIMIC Group

CIMIC Group Limited (formerly known as Leighton Holdings prior to April 2015) is a leading international contractor. It is active in the telecommunications, engineering and infrastructure, building and property, mining and resources, and environmental services industries. It has operations in Australia, South East Asia, New Zealand, and the Middle East. Leighton Holdings changed its name to CIMIC Group Limited.
CIMIC stands for Construction, Infrastructure, Mining and Concessions.
Founded in 1949 by Stanley Leighton, an Englishman, Leighton Holdings was first listed on the Melbourne Stock Exchange in 1962. It established an operation in Asia, known as Leighton Asia in 1975.
In March 2014, the majority owner of Leighton, Hochtief, installed its own CEO, Marcelino Fernandez Verdes, as the firm's CEO.
In June 2014, CEO Marcelino Fernandez Verdes elevated to executive chairman following the retirement of board member Bob Humphris.
In April 2015 Leighton Holdings changed its name to CIMIC Group (abbreviated from "Construction, Infrastructure, Mining and Concessions").
CPB Contractors is the core contracting business around which the rest of the structure of the group has been formed. It was rebranded from Leighton Contractors in January 2016.
Leighton Holdings formerly owned the John Holland Group, a major Australian construction, rail and tunnelling group. In 2000, Leighton Holdings bought a 70% stake in the company, this was increased to 99% in 2004 and 100% in December 2007. In December 2014, Leighton Holdings sold John Holland to China Communications Construction for $1.15 billion.
Thiess is an Australian integrated construction, mining and services provider, and Thiess Services, an environmental and utilities contracting organisation and an subsidiary of parent company Thiess. Originating in Queensland in 1934, Thiess became a part of the Leighton Group in 1983.
The business owns a 45% share in the Al Habtoor Leighton Group, one of the leading construction groups in the Middle East.
The business operates in India, Sri Lanka, Malaysia, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Singapore, Brunei, Vietnam, Philippines and Mongolia as well as oceangoing barges.
The business is a property development company in commercial, residential and mixed-use precincts, established in 1972 and operating in Australia.
Major projects undertaken by Leighton Holdings include:
About 70% of the shares in Leighton Holdings are held by Hochtief. Grupo ACS in turn is the parent company of Hochtief.
CIMIC official website

</doc>
<doc id="14313635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14313635" title="Evonik Industries">
Evonik Industries

Evonik Industries is an industrial corporation headquartered in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, one of the world's leading specialty chemicals companies, owned by RAG Foundation. It was created on 12 September 2007 as a result of restructuring of the mining and technology group RAG. Evonik Industries united the business areas of chemicals, energy and real estate of RAG, while mining operations continue to be carried out by RAG. Since then, the energy and real estate business areas have been divested, with no share being held in the former and a minority share still being held in the latter. Its specialty chemicals business generates around 80% of sales in areas in which it holds leading market positions. Evonik Industries employs about 33,000 people and carries out activities in more than 100 countries. The operating activities are organized into six business units which are a part of the chemicals business area. Evonik is the main sponsor of German football club Borussia Dortmund.
Historically, Evonik Industries' businesses were part of RAG activities. The idea of splitting the company was put forward in 2005. The background of this idea was that RAG's core business of coal mining is carried out under government contract in Germany, while businesses transferred to Evonik compete on international markets. This structure did not permit the payment of dividends to the shareholders, which limited shareholders' readiness to inject equity into the RAG, which thereby restricting the company's ability to access fresh capital. As the first step, RAG’s shareholders sold their shares to RAG foundation (RAG-Stiftung) to split RAG. The Foundation was established on 10 July 2007, and Evonik Industries was created on 12 September 2007.
The original plan foresaw the IPO of Evonik Industries in the first half of 2008. However, this plan was postponed until mid-2010 at the earliest, and the RAG Foundation started to look for strategic investors, while still holding on to the plans for a midterm IPO. In June 2008, the private equity firm CVC Capital Partners bought a stake of 25.01% in the company. Among many other private equity investors who bid for the stake (amongst them Blackstone Group and 3i), Russian Gazprom was reported to have considered buying a stake in Evonik Industries. The IPO, by now planned for fall of 2011, was once again postponed in September 2011, this time citing the "current state of financial and capital markets and their prospects." 
RAG Foundation had planned for Evonik’s IPO to take place in 2012, but this was postponed as a result of poor market conditions. Evonik shares have been traded on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange since 25 April 2013. Prior to the IPO the company had given institutional investors the opportunity to acquire around 14% of the shares for €2 billion.
Since 5 March 2015, the shareholding structure of the Evonik Industries AG is composed as follows:
In 2006, RAG acquired Degussa AG, which was later renamed Evonik-Degussa GmbH. In 1998, Degussa instructed the American historian Peter Hayes to clarify the company history during the Third Reich. One of the former subsidiaries of Degussa, the Degesch (translation: German Corporation for Pest control), was the main manufacturer and distributor of the chemical Zyklon B, which was used to execute people in gas chambers of German concentration camps during the Holocaust. Furthermore, gold dental fillings, which had been forcefully removed from the mouths of concentration-camp inmates, had been processed by Degussa. The historical significance of Degussa appeared again in the publicity surrounding their involvement in the construction of the Holocaust Memorial in Berlin, because the plasticizer and the anti-graffiti coating were produced by Degussa. Therefore, the work on the memorial was interrupted to clarify the situation. In November 2003, the trustees decided to finish the building with the involvement of Degussa.
Evonik divested its former holdings in the areas of energy and real estate and now focuses on the core business of specialty chemicals.
The Chemicals Business Area of Evonik emerged from Evonik Degussa GmbH (formerly Degussa GmbH — an acronym of "Deutsche Gold- und Silber-Scheide-Anstalt" ("German Gold and Silver Separating Works")) based in Essen, Germany. It employs about 34,000 people and is one of the world's largest producers of specialty chemicals. It includes six business units: Advanced Intermediates, Consumer Specialties, Coatings & Additives, Inorganic Materials, Health & Nutrition and Performance Polymers. Degussa was acquired by RAG in 2006. Its latest acquisition is the Tippecanoe Labs plant site at Lafayette, Indiana from Eli Lilly on 1 January 2010.
In November, a plant for the production of DL-[Methionine|methionine] was opened in Singapore. At a cost of €500 million, it is the largest investment to date in the chemical sector in the company’s history. In June 2014, the Supervisory Board resolved to restructure the Group, with plans for the six chemical segments to be bundled into three GmbH (limited liability) companies from 2015.
The former energy business portion of Evonik was operated through Evonik Steag GmbH (formerly STEAG), which is the fifth largest power company in Germany, based in Essen. The company operates fourteen hard coal-fired power plants, of which eleven are located in Germany, and one in Turkey, one in Colombia and one in the Philippines, and two industrial power plants. It also operates in the field of transport, processing and distribution of hard coal, coke and byproducts from coal processing, as well as in the field of gas supply, transport and trading. In December 2010 Evonik Industries signed an agreement to sell 51% of shares in its energy business to a consortium of municipal utilities in Germany´s Rhine-Ruhr region. The agreement was finalized on 2 March 2011. The remaining 49% were acquired by the consortium for €570 million in August 2014.
Evonik Immobilien GmbH used to manage around 60,000 company-owned residential units in Germany. In addition, it had a 50% stake in TreuHandStelle GmbH, which manages more than 70,000 residential units. Evonik Immobilien GmbH was amalgamated with TreuHandStelle GmbH and placed on a more independent basis in the medium term. As per the resolution of the general meeting held on 25 November 2011, the name of the subsidiary Evonik Immobilien GmbH was changed to Vivawest GmbH. On 1 January 2012 Vivawest merged with residential management company THS under the name "Vivawest". In 2013, Evonik sold the majority of its shares in Vivawest to the RAG Foundation, the Evonik pension fund, and the coal mining corporation RAG AG. Evonik now holds only 10.9%, and there are plans to sell this stake too.
In 2008, Evonik Industries developed its corporate responsibility (CR) strategy as an inherent part of the corporate strategy and corporate culture. Three principles constitute the basic modules of the company´s CR:
Evonik Industries is a member of the United Nations Global Compact. Furthermore, the company is committed to the Responsible Care initiative to constantly improve the company´s performance in health, security, environment and product stewardship. The annual CR report of Evonik Industries is based on the standards of the Global Reporting Initiative.
In March 2012, a fire at the Degussa plant in Marl, stopped production of cyclododecatriene (CDT) for a duration of several months. The plant produced a substantial proportion of the world's production of CDT, particularly that needed to produce laurolactam, a precursor to the polyamide PA12. This shortage in turn led to concerns for global production of finished goods, particularly in the automotive industry. Other biobased polyamides, not dependent on laurolactam or CDT, have been put forward as alternative materials.

</doc>
<doc id="14314786" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14314786" title="District Bank">
District Bank

The Manchester and Liverpool District Bank was formed in 1829 and it became one of the leading provincial joint stock banks; its name was shortened to District Bank in 1924. The Bank was acquired by the National Provincial Bank in 1962 but kept its identity until the latter’s merger with Westminster Bank.
Joseph Macardy was an Irishman who became the senior partner of a firm of Manchester stockbrokers and in 1828 he became involved in the establishment of a new joint stock bank in the city. However, when his proposal to open branches in all the neighbouring towns was rejected, he immediately issued a prospectus for a new bank, specifically to have branches, and to be called either the District Banking Company or the Union Banking Company. In the event, the Bank duly opened in 1829 under the name Manchester and Liverpool District Banking; its success was such that by 1877 Grindon described it as “first and foremost among provincial joint-stock banks”.
The Bank actually opened first in Stockport in 1829 but this was through the acquisition of the local bank, Christy Lloyd. Christy and Company were “celebrated” London hatters and it was the founder’s son, William Miller-Christy, who supported a local hatter, John Worsley, to set up a bank in Stockport. Christy Lloyd opened in 1824 “and the hatters of Stockport thereafter received such financial advantage over hatters in other areas, that in due time Stockport became world famous for that product”.
In 1830, a year after acquiring Christy, the Bank opened its Manchester office. As promised, branches were opened in a number of local towns, not forgetting the important branch in Liverpool, thereby justifying the Bank’s lengthy title; by 1833 there were 17 branches. Acquisitions reinforced the branch openings, the first being in 1844 - the Nantwich and Cheshire Bank, founded five years earlier. This was followed in 1863 by the more substantial purchase of Lloyd Entwistle of Manchester. Lloyd Entwistle had descended from the firm of John Jones “bankers and tea dealers”, already established in the 1770s. In 1848, Jones Lloyd as it then was, separated its London and Manchester businesses. New partners were brought into the Manchester office (the Entwistle being Lloyds’ son-in-law).
The Manchester and Liverpool District Banking Company assumed limited liability in 1880 by which time there were 54 branches stretching across to Yorkshire and down to Staffordshire. An all-important London office was opened five years later. A major expansion of the Bank’s coverage took place in 1907 with the acquisition of the Lancaster Bank, which had 57 branches in the north of Lancashire compared to the 118 of the Liverpool and Manchester.
Growth continued apace after World War I and by 1924 another 130 branches had been opened. That year also marked the shortening of the name to the District Bank, by which it had been popularly known for some time. A further major expansion came in 1935 with the acquisition of the County Bank. The Manchester and County Bank commenced business in 1862 and three branches were opened shortly after. In 1866 the Bank acquired the Saddleworth Banking Company and in 1871 the Bank of Stockport. By the time of its acquisition by the District, Manchester and County had 190 branches and sub-branches. Following the amalgamation, District was admitted to the London Clearing House.
The District Bank now determined to make itself a national bank and branches were opened throughout the midlands, the south and Wales. Following the end of World War II more branches were opened particularly in London and the south coast. However, in 1962 the District itself became victim of another bank’s desire for comprehensive national coverage and it was acquired by the National Provincial Bank. District kept its separate identity until the 1968 merger of National Provincial and Westminster Bank.
The District, National Provincial, and Westminster banks were fully integrated in the new firm's structure, while Coutts & Co. private bankers, Ulster Bank, and the Isle of Man Bank continued as separate operations. The statutory process of integration was completed in 1969 and the new company, National Westminster Bank Limited, opened its doors for business on 1 January 1970. NatWest, as it became known, is now part of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group.

</doc>
<doc id="14315308" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14315308" title="Gifford (company)">
Gifford (company)

Gifford is part of the Ramboll Group, providing engineering consultancy, design, planning, project management and consulting services for buildings, infrastructure and the environment.
The firm was founded by Dr. Edwin Gifford, a pioneer of prestressed structures, in Southampton in 1951 under the name "E.W.H. Gifford & Partners." It won the Queen's Award for Enterprise in 2002.
In March 2011, Gifford was bought by the consulting engineering company Ramboll.
The firm has activities focused on: Centres of excellence
It has offices in: 

</doc>
<doc id="14316541" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14316541" title="Allen Edmonds">
Allen Edmonds

Allen Edmonds is an upscale shoe manufacturing and retail company based in Port Washington, Wisconsin. The company was established in Belgium, Wisconsin in 1922. Allen Edmonds operates 52 retail stores in 28 states. It manufactures its shoes in the United States, as well as in Italy and the Dominican Republic. Allen Edmonds, along with E. Vogel, Oliver Moore Bootmakers, Alden, Johnston & Murphy, Rancourt & Co, and Esquivel, are the handful of manufacturers still making men's dress shoes in the US. The company delivers numerous collections of men's shoes, including dress shoes, dress casual shoes, loafers, casual, and golf shoes.
In 2006, 90% of the shares in the company were bought by Minneapolis-based investment firm Goldner Hawn Johnson & Morrison for $100 million. In 2013, the company announced that it would be acquired by private equity firm Brentwood Associates. In December 2016 Caleres acquired Allen Edmonds from Brentwood Associates for $255 million.
The CEO is former investment banker Paul Grangaard.
Allen Edmonds gained much of its following after providing shoes to the US Army and US Navy during World War II, with many of the recipients of the shoes being loyal to the brand for the rest of their lives.
Allen Edmonds is a moderately expensive brand of shoes that men typically wear for a very long time and repair rather than replace. The company offers recrafting services, rebuilding a pair of shoes for a fee, replacing soles and heels, creating a new cork base and strip, and reapplying the finish. The Horween Leather Company supplies leather shells for footwear to Allen Edmonds.
As more than ninety-eight per cent of shoes sold in the U.S. are produced overseas, Allen Edmonds is among a small minority of companies that produces shoes domestically. John Stollwerk, Allen-Edmonds's retired chairman and former owner expressed a commitment to keep manufacturing in the U.S. In 2003, the company invested one million dollars—1.1% of the company's sales—in refitting their factory, which is intended to save 5% of the cost to produce each shoe. The factory has replaced assembly lines with teams of craftsmen of which each member performs several tasks. The new system reduces overtime, makes it easier to cover for absent employees, reduces the time spent picking up and putting down shoes, and reduces the number of spoiled shoes.
In 2006, concerned with rising manufacturing costs and endeavoring to compete more directly with the boat shoe and handsewn market, Allen Edmonds discontinued their Lewiston, Maine manufacturing plant and moved the handsewn production to their new, company owned factory in the Dominican Republic. Currently, shoe uppers for the Allen Edmonds handsewn collection are cut and sewn in the Dominican Republic. The raw materials are sent there from the U.S., where the uppers are sewn together, then shipped to the factory in Port Washington, Wisconsin to complete their construction, thus allowing them to be labeled "Made in the USA." Alternatively, styles from the "ae by Allen Edmonds" collection are produced entirely in and sold as Made in the Dominican Republic. In addition to their handsewn collection, Allen Edmonds also utilizes the Dominican Republic factory to cut and sew the uppers of their Goodyear welted collection of shoes. Similarly to the "American Made" handsewns, these welted uppers are shipped to the factory in Wisconsin, where the remainder of the lasting, welting, and soling are completed.
Allen Edmonds pays their workers well. Wages, benefits, government regulations of the workplace, emissions permits, taxes, and healthcare are all significant costs that could be drastically reduced by locating production overseas in a developing country. Stollenwerk remarked that moving the operation to China could save as much as 60%, but expressed concern that such a move could lead to a decline in quality. He also expressed concerns about social problems brought on by globalization, such as low wages and factory closings in the U.S.

</doc>
<doc id="14317598" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14317598" title="Cavalier Telephone">
Cavalier Telephone

Cavalier Telephone, is an American Local Exchange Carrier (NRCLEC) company, owned by parent company Windstream Communications operating in 16 states and DC throughout the eastern US. Cavalier founded in 1998, is an internet and telecommunications service provider, currently it provides voice, data services to businesses, residential, and government customers on a private network.
Cavalier offers a number of different business telephone service plans for both local and long distance calling. Rates vary based upon the number of optional features added to supplement basic telephone service. Residential services are provided, but the company does not accept new residential customers.
Cavalier offers high speed internet service through digital subscriber lines.
Cavalier partnered with DirecTV in March 2009 and is offering discounted rates on satellite television service.
On September 13, 2010, PAETEC Holding Corp. of Perinton, New York, announced its acquisition of Cavalier Telephone for $460 million in cash. The merger was finalized in December, 2010, adding nearly 17,000 fiber-route miles to Paetec's existing service footprint. PAETEC was in turn, acquired by 
Windstream Communications in December 2011.
On December 7, 2011, Paetec announced that it would stop accepting new residential customers, and instead focus on its business customers. Approximately 70 Cavalier employees would lose their jobs because of this change. They will continue to service existing residential customers.
Cavalier has had a particularly rocky relationship with Verizon. In 2001, Cavalier brought a lawsuit against Verizon alleging antitrust violations and violations of the Telecom Act of 1996. The suit was dismissed by United States District Court Judge, James R. Spencer in March 2002. The dismissal was upheld on appeal in May 2003. In 2007, Cavalier sued Verizon in federal court again, alleging misuse of Virginia's 911 database.

</doc>
<doc id="14317933" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14317933" title="Tong Li Publishing">
Tong Li Publishing

Tongli Publishing Co. (Chinese: 東立出版社, Hanyu Pinyin: "Dōng Lì Chūbǎnshè"), most known as Tong Li Comics, is a publishing company which distributes a variety of domestic and imported comics in Taiwan.
Tong Li was founded in Tainan, Taiwan in 1977 with a mere nine employees. Tong Li entered the publishing business as a seller of illegally copied comic books. "For fifteen years, Tong Li was the largest producer of pirated comics, redoing more than 1,000 titles in all, and for part of that time, fifty a month."
Tong Li's original method of operation was to procure new comics from Japanese distributors, replacing the Japanese text with traditional Chinese, and "drawing bras on bare-breasted women characters and modifying, up to what they could get away with, explicitly sexual or violent panels". The head of Tong Li, Fang Wan-nan(范萬楠), "jokingly referred to himself as the 'king of pirated comics'".
Despite the copyright violation trend, Tong Li procured Taiwan's first legal license for Japanese manga with Minako Narita's "Cipher" from Hakusensha in 1989, and followed with Katsuhiro Otomo's "Akira" from Kodansha in 1991. A 1992 Taiwanese law strengthening the copyright enforcement of comics forced Tong Li to abandon the copying and develop original content in addition to acquiring licenses through legal means, at which point it began publishing the magazines "Dragon Youth" (龍少年月刊) and "Star★Girls" (星少女月刊) - titles which retained the considerable influence of Japanese manga. It currently releases over 100 licensed manga titles a month includes One Piece, Bleach, Naruto, Sket Dance, Hunter x Hunter, Gintama, Shijō Saikyō no Deshi Ken'ichi, Skip Beat, and more.

</doc>
<doc id="14319746" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14319746" title="Rejlers">
Rejlers

Rejlers is a Nordic group offering technical consultancy services in the fields of electrical engineering, energy, mechanical engineering, automation, electronics, IT and telecommunications. Customers exists in the following markets; Industry, Infrastructure, Energy, and Construction and property.
Rejlers was founded in 1942 by Gunnar Rejler.
The Group has around 1,500 employees, spread across more than 70 offices in Sweden, Finland, Norway, Estonia and Russia. The Group's head office is located in Stockholm. Rejlers' shares are listed on the Nordic list of the Nasdaq OMX Stock Exchange.
Rejlers’ goal is to employ at least 2,015 employees and have a revenue of at least SEK 2,015 million by 2015. This objective will be achieved through recruitment, strategic acquisitions and establishing new companies.

</doc>
<doc id="14320034" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14320034" title="Sage Hospitality Resources">
Sage Hospitality Resources

Founded in 1984, Sage Hospitality has grown into one of the largest privately held hotel management, investment and development companies in the nation operating a variety of large, full-service hotels and extended stay and select-service properties. Sage Hospitality's comprehensive management portfolio includes major international brands for Marriott, Starwood, Hilton and IHG as well as the independent boutique hotels. Sage Hospitality has further differentiated with the creation of the Sage Restaurant Group, which has created and is managing over nine unique restaurant concepts including the acclaimed Mercat a la Planxa restaurant in Chicago.
Zack Neumeyer, Walter Isenberg, and Steve Mikol founded Sage in 1984 in Denver, Colorado. Sage manages and invests in hotels nationwide. Sage has developed and operated over 400 hotels in forty states. Sage is recognized for its work in historic redevelopment of hotels. Sage Restaurant Group has ten distinct concept restaurants. Isenberg is CEO and President and Neumeyer is Chairman.
Maps

</doc>
<doc id="14322927" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14322927" title="H5 (French company)">
H5 (French company)

H5 is a French graphics and animation studio started in 1996. With Ludovic Houplain's art direction, its work can mostly be found in the fields of music video (visuals for Air, Super Discount, Etienne de Crécy, Le Tone, Alex Gopher, Darkel, Cosmo Vitelli, Demon) and luxury advertising (Dior, Cartier, Hugo Boss, Hermès, Lancôme).
Since 1999, H5 has also worked as a collective of directors. They made their first animated clips (animated typography for Alex Gopher, cartoon for Zebda, digital animations for Super Furry Animals and Playgroup).
H5 made the clips for Röyksopp's "Remind Me" (which won the MTV Europe Award for Best Video in 2002), Massive Attack's "Special Cases", Goldfrapp's "Twist", and a series of advertising campaigns for France and the wider world: Areva, Audi, Citroën, Volkswagen's "Train Fantôme" (1st award Film Cinema, Club of the DA on 2006). H5 is at present represented in France by Addict.
Their first short film, "Logorama", was selected at the Week of Criticism at the Cannes Film Festival 2009 and at CineVegas in 2009. The film won the Kodak Prix at Cannes and won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 82nd Academy Awards.
In parallel, the work of H5 was presented in numerous exhibitions and festivals, in Paris (National Center of Art and Culture Georges-Pompidou, Paris sleepless night 2007, French National Library, Gallery Anatome), London (Institute of Contemporary Arts, National Museum of Photography, British Film Institute), Tokyo (Sendai Mediatheque), Rotterdam (NAI), New York (MoMA) and Los Angeles (Egyptian Theater).

</doc>
<doc id="14323042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14323042" title="Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research">
Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research

The Center for International Blood & Marrow Transplant Research, or CIBMTR, collaborates with the global scientific community to advance hematopoietic cell transplantation and cellular therapy research worldwide. A combined research program of the National Marrow Donor Program and the Medical College of Wisconsin, CIBMTR facilitates critical research that has led to increased survival and an enriched quality of life for thousands of patients.
On July 1, 2004, in pursuit of a mission to improve transplantation access and outcomes for patients, the CIBMTR was established. The new organization joined together the research programs of the National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) and the International Bone Marrow Transplant Registry (IBMTR) at the Medical College of Wisconsin.
In 1972, just four years after the first successful hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT), pioneers in the field of HCT realized the significance of what they were undertaking. Several of the pioneers in this evolving science also understood the importance of collaborating to better understand the data being generated at individual centers. Dr. Mortimer M. Bortin and several colleagues established the IBMTR at the Medical College of Wisconsin to do just that. Physicians in the field agreed to voluntarily contribute their patient data to this outcomes registry. At the time, there were only about 12 transplant centers and fewer than 50 patients per year worldwide receiving a transplant.
In 1986, the U.S. Navy established the National Bone Marrow Donor Registry with one full-time employee housed at the St. Paul, MN, American Red Cross and a sub-contract with the University of Minnesota for computer support and data management. The first donor search was processed in September 1987, and the first National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP)-facilitated transplant took place in December 1987.
Again, the founders knew the critical nature of collecting outcomes data and conducting collaborative research to improve outcomes, requiring from that very first unrelated transplant that transplant centers report their patient outcomes to the NMDP.
Observational research is a core activity of CIBMTR. Investigators are invited to propose studies that utilize CIBMTR’s large observational database. These research studies culminate in publications in peer-reviewed journals and move the field of hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT) toward improved outcomes and higher quality of life. Since its inception in 1972, CIBMTR data and statistical support have resulted in more than 700 peer-reviewed publications addressing HCT.
Studies are conducted within a Working Committee structure. They are guided by Co-Chairs who are experts in the relevant field, and by Scientific Directors who are experienced transplant physicians with MS degrees in biostatistics or related fields. MS biostatisticians coordinate Working Committee activities and participate in individual studies, with oversight provided by PhD biotatisticians. Investigators from around the world are currently participating in more than 250 CIBMTR studies.
Collected data can be accessed for patient care decisions, developing research studies, education, transplant center administrative needs, and CIBMTR research.
Every year, a variety of resources are developed from CIBMTR data, including publications, slide sets, Web resources, and more. Investigators, physicians, patients and others interested in hematopoeitic cell transplantation (HCT) outcomes can access these resources below. They collect outcomes data on every allogeneic transplantation performed in the U.S. (for the SCTOD, as required by U.S. law). U.S. transplant centers also voluntarily submit autologous transplantation data, and transplant centers worldwide voluntarily submit both autologous and allogeneic transplantation data. As a result, their clinical database now contains information on more than 330,000 transplant recipients.
CIBMTR supports investigators in conducting HCT observational studies. Data available for this research includes: 
Baseline recipient data
Baseline donor data 
Follow-up recipient data
Collected at 100 days, 6 months and annually after HCT:
Follow-up donor data
Collected at 2 days, 1 week and weekly until donor reports full recovery, then at 1 month, 6 months and annually after donation:
The NMDP Research Sample Repository contains more than 19,000 related and unrelated paired transplant recipient/donor (or cord blood) samples with complete, validated clinical data. Samples can be used for local research studies, or for CIBMTR research studies.
The National Marrow Donor Program (NMDP) Research Sample Repository contains approximately 900,000 sample aliquots from more than 19,000 related and unrelated transplant recipient/donor (or cord blood) samples with complete, validated clinical outcome data from the CIBMTR Observational Database. The majority of the paired samples have complete high-resolution data available for HLA-A, B, C, DRB1/3/4/5, DQ and DP loci.
Sample Types
Samples in the NMDP Research Sample Repository are stored as:
CIBMTR provides trends, outcomes data and presentation graphics, develops post-transplant care guidelines and conducts meetings for education, science and training. The CIBMTR has published more than 500 peer-reviewed papers in the medical literature since 1972. The CIBMTR Reference Center offers a wide range of resources for investigators, physicians and patients—from published studies and statistical data to guidelines for transplant patients and their families.

</doc>
<doc id="14329218" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14329218" title="NuStar Energy">
NuStar Energy

NuStar Energy L.P.(NYSE: NS), is a publicly traded master limited partnership. The company is one of the largest independent liquids terminal and pipeline operators in the nation. NuStar owns 8,700 miles of pipeline and 79 terminal and storage facilities that store and distribute crude oil, refined products and specialty liquids.
The partnership’s combined system has approximately 93 million barrels of storage capacity, and NuStar has operations in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the Netherlands, including St. Eustatius in the Caribbean, and the United Kingdom.
Operations are managed by NuStar GP, LLC. As of December 31, 2015, NuStar GP, LLC had 1,251 domestic employees and certain of their wholly owned subsidiaries had 393 employees performing services for their international operations.

</doc>
<doc id="14331070" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14331070" title="Senvion">
Senvion

Senvion S.A. (formerly REpower Systems SE) is a wind turbine manufacturer founded in 2001 in Germany, now majority owned by the private equity firm, Centerbridge Partners. Registered business address is in Luxembourg. Its product range comprises several types of turbines with rated outputs of between 1.8 and 6.15 megawatts.
Senvion was formed in 2001 from the merger of the company Jacobs energy with HSW (Husum Shipyard), "BWU" and "pro + pro energy systems" (a subsidiary of aerodyn energiesysteme and Denker & Wulf). The roots of this company go back to 1994, when the first self-developed 500-kilowatt system was presented. Previously, the configuration and operating company "Denker & Wulf" was founded in Sehestedt in 1995. This was, however, sold to the interim consolidated financial affiliation with REpower, in 2004.
Senvion started to produce the ProTec MD, a 1500 kW turbine. This turbine designed by "pro + pro energy systems" was licensed also to "Jacobs Energie", Nordex SE, Südwind and Fuhrländer. Later own designs like 2MW, 3MW and 5MW turbines are follow.
In May 2007, after efforts by its largest shareholder Areva to take a controlling interest in the company, a series of protracted bidding rounds resulted in not Areva, but Suzlon Energy of India acquiring the majority shareholding in REpower Systems for €1.3 billion. The deal was structured in such a manner to allow Suzlon to purchase Martifer's stake (22%) within two years for a fixed price of €265 million. Suzlon subsequently strengthened its position by buying the remaining 30% Areva stake in June 2008 for more than €350 million. Suzlon's total investment of approximately US$ 1.6 billion gives it a holding of 66%, with the next largest shareholder being Martifer of Portugal. Areva went on to purchase the majority holding in 5MW rival, Multibrid. In 2009 Suzlon raised its share to 92% of REpower. As of February 2015, Suzlon Energy owns 100% of Senvion, but subsequently sold the company to Centerbridge Partners LP. in April 2015. The Company was then listed on Frankfurt Stock Exchange Prime Standard on 23rd March 2016 at a valuation of €1bn.
The Senvion 5M 5-megawatt turbine was the largest commercial turbine until the subsequent upgrade of this unit to provide significant more power, named "6M". This has a rated output of 6.15 megawatts from the same rotor diameter of 126.5 meters. The target market is the offshore wind farm sector. The prototype was assembled in the autumn of 2004 in Brunsbüttel, located in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. In August 2006 the first 5M model was erected for the Beatrice project. The Senvion 6MW turbine with the same rotor diameter has been operational in Elhöft, Germany since 2009, well ahead of any other turbine manufacturers in this class in the world.
Senvion maintain their global operating headquarters and administrative centre at Hamburg. Research and Design facilities are located at Rendsburg, Schleswig Holstein, close to the original manufacturing plant and test centre in Husum. A new assembly hall was opened in Bremerhaven in 2008 specifically aimed at the future offshore market. This facility was built adjacent to a new 460m long joint venture blade assembly plant, where Senvion has a majority holding. A further manufacturing and service centre exists at Trampe near Berlin, and a secondary design office at Osnabrück.
Senvion is a major supplier to the offshore wind industry and one of the leaders in the 5MW+ turbine category. As well as the two units installed in the Beatrice demonstrator project in the Moray Firth, the 5M unit is currently being used for Phase I of the Thornton Bank project off the Belgian coast, where the first six of a total of 54 turbines were installed in the summer of 2008. Thornton Bank phases II and III (featuring 48 x Senvion 6M turbines) were installed in 2013. This wind farm has been running exceptionally well, with capacity factors of well above 50% in the first three months of 2014 - well above the predicted yields. Thornton Bank was fully project financed, thus demonstrating the bankability and track record of the Senvion turbines. In 2012, Senvion also completed the 150MW Ormonde wind farm off the coast of Barrow in the UK with 30 x Senvion 5M turbines for Vattenfall. Further projects include Nordergründe in the Weser estuary off the coast of Bremerhaven, where a turbine supply agreement has been signed to supply 18 x 6.2M126 units. The 5M is also deployed as part of the Alpha Ventus demonstrator in the German North Sea, where six 5M units were installed in 2009. In anticipation of future turbine supply shortages, RWE Innogy signed a memorandum of understanding with Senvion for supply of 250 offshore units up to 2016. Senvion has also recently signed a contract for 54 x Senvion 6.2M126 turbines for the 332MW Nordsee One project for RWE Innogy & Northland Power. In 2016, France chose to fund 4 6 MW Senvion Ideol floating offshore foundation turbines in the Mediterranean Sea for 2020.

</doc>
<doc id="14331497" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14331497" title="EB Games Australia">
EB Games Australia

EB Games Australia (originally Electronics Boutique) is an Australian video game and entertainment software retailer. Headquartered in Eagle Farm, Queensland (a suburb of Brisbane), the company operates over 380 stores across Australia's six states and two territories and 40 more stores in New Zealand. EB Games Australia is part of GameStop. EB Games sells video games, consoles, and accessories for the PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 2, PlayStation, Xbox 360, Xbox, Xbox One, Wii, Nintendo GameCube, Nintendo 64, Wii U, PC, Nintendo DS and the Nintendo 3DS. Customers can also purchase games online from the EB games website.
The first Australian store was opened on 5 July 1997 in Westfield Shoppingtown Miranda, New South Wales, with stores opening near-concurrently at Westfield Group Tuggerah, New South Wales and in the Old Charlestown Square complex.
In 2003, Electronics Boutique officially started trading as EB Games to stop confusion with the idea they were an electronics store.
EB World is a loyalty program founded in 2011 and operated by EB Games Australia. Members can earn points called "carrots" by shopping at EB Games, gaining increased and additional benefits through their continued purchases. By August 2014, EB World had gained 3 million members in Australia. On the EB world card, there is their EB world logo, the rabbit, Buck. That is where their royalty "carrots" comes from
EB Games' pre-owned section covers consoles and games as well as accessories. The trade-in does not include peripheral accessories (aesthetic accessories that are not required for gameplay, including Sports Kits, Charging Stands and AV / Composite / HDMI cables).
Whilst current generation consoles and games are still carried in every store, only a few stores referred to as "Vision Stores" still carry the older generation consoles and games (PlayStation Portable). EB Games also trades in certain Apple iPod (Classic, Touch and Nano), iPhone and iPad models as well as select Android Devices.
In all Australian states and territories, the value of traded games, consoles and accepted accessories can be used as in-store credit towards all items in stock as well as towards paying off a Lay-by or Pre-order on an upcoming release title. Only in some states can the traded value be exchanged for cash. In these instances, items traded for cash are retained by the store (the tradee) for a grace period to verify that the traded items were not obtained by the customer (the trader) through illegal means.
Traded games are able to be resold in-store upon being traded in, provided they are physically in re-sellable condition. If the traded items are deemed "defective" by the tradee, a Disc Repair cost can be incurred to the trader, being deducted from the trade value. These items are then processed at the corporate warehouse. All consoles are returned to the warehouse before being approved for re-sale (to re-format any HDD devices and ensure power cables / transformers are safe for use in Australia) regardless of physical condition upon being traded.
As of 1 September 2008, EB Games no longer takes trades on Game Boy Advance, Nintendo GameCube or PlayStation games, however, the trade of a Nintendo Gamecube controller is still accepted due to its compatibility with popular Nintendo Wii titles (Super Smash Bros. Brawl, Mario Kart Wii and Rugby League Live). As of 1 December 2010, EB games no longer takes trades on Xbox original consoles, games or accessories. As of 1 December 2012, EB Games no longer takes trades on PlayStation 2 Games, however, they still take trades on PlayStation 2 Consoles.
In 2011, EB Games launched the EB Games Expo held on the Gold Coast. The Expo allows attendees to play and experience upcoming games. It also hosts a variety of local and international developer and publisher teams, who deliver presentations to attendees showcasing their upcoming releases.
Since 2007, EB Games Australia has maintained a charity partnership with the Starlight Children's Foundation. Every year, EB Games sponsors a "Starlight Week" in May with fund-raising endeavours across the chain and at a corporate level. In 2015, Starlight Week raised over $665,000 for the Foundation.
In May 2015, four former EB Games employees accused an EB Games district manager of workplace bullying, sexual harassment, discrimination, racial hatred, intimidation, and unpaid worked hours. The alleged incidents were believed to have occurred in the Figtree and Dapto stores. The former employees filed complaints with WorkCover NSW and the Australian Human Rights Commission.
Zing Pop Culture Australia (Owned by EB Games Australia) launched in May 2014. In 2016 Zing now has over 35 stores.

</doc>
<doc id="14331939" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14331939" title="MXenergy">
MXenergy

MXenergy is a retail natural gas and electricity supplier in North America. It was founded in 1999 to provide natural gas and electricity in deregulated energy markets. In 2006, the company was named fourth on "Inc." magazine's list of fastest growing private companies in America on the basis of revenue, 370th on the basis of growth rate. The company merged in 2012 with Constellation Energy.
MXenergy was founded in 1999 by Jeffrey Mayer, the company's current Chief Executive Officer and President; Robi Artman-Hodge, the company's first CFO and later its Executive Vice President until Spring 2010; and Daniel Burke, the company's first Chief Operating Officer.
The company's first office was in Louisville, KY. In 2000, the company opened an office in Stamford, CT for executive management, finance, and accounting.
In August 2008, the Connecticut Department of Public Utility Control (“CT-DPUC”) began an investigation of MXenergy that was later joined by the office of Richard Blumenthal, the then Connecticut Attorney General, and Connecticut Office of Consumer Counsel. The investigation followed complaints from customers who complained of high bills following the run-up of international energy prices in the spring of 2008. MXenergy customers who had enrolled in fixed prices for a four-month period in the spring found their prices jumped to higher monthly variable prices in June 2008.
After a lengthy investigation, the CT-DPUC issued a report that found among other things that the company had "massively overcharged" customers, and had given 30 days and not 45 days notice of price changes as required by state regulation. The CT-DPUC did not find any evidence of intentional customer protection violations. The CT-DPUC acknowledged that the company had voluntarily brought the matter to the regulators’ attention after it learned that it had inadvertently neglected to send out price change notices in a timely manner and that the company had voluntarily offered to extend its fixed prices, and agreed in a settlement to credit or refund $2.1 million to affected customers.
The company is a member of the Chicago Climate Exchange and is an Energy Star Partner placing a strong focus on environmental and sustainability issues. The company currently offers 100% renewable energy to its Connecticut customers.
MXenergy offers carbon offset credits to its customers as a way to neutralize their carbon footprint. The credits support new forestry in Columbus, Georgia. The company is partnered with Valley Wood, Inc., a certified offset aggregator for the Chicago Climate Exchange.
MXenergy has sponsored two coat drives in 2010. The first was in January in Allentown, PA. Teaming up with WAEB 790 AM, WMHX 106.7 FM, and WODE 99.9 FM The HAWK, warm clothing and food were collected for The Rescue Mission, Jewish Family Service Food Bank, Kosher Food Pantry, and The Salvation Army in Allentown, as well as the Volunteers of American in Mechanicsburg.
MXenergy also teamed up with 95.9 FM The Fox for a coat drive in Norwalk, CT. The drive was meant to raise warm clothing and food for the Norwalk Emergency Center, but so many donations were received that a sizable donation was also made to the Community Closet in Bridgeport.
In 2009, James Boncek of Fairfield, CT began converting a $100 1993 Toyota Tercel from gasoline to battery power. With significant financial backing from MXenergy, this goal was achieved after 100 hours of research and 100 hours of labor. The car currently gets 50 miles per charge off its 12 batteries and can be plugged into any wall plug. Boncek currently speaks at schools about environmental sustainability.

</doc>
<doc id="14332332" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14332332" title="International Credit Insurance &amp; Surety Association">
International Credit Insurance &amp; Surety Association

The International Credit Insurance & Surety Association (ICISA) was founded in April 1928, forming the first trade credit insurance association. The Association is registered in Zurich (Switzerland) under Swiss Civil Code (article 60). The Secretariat is based in Amsterdam.
The International Credit Insurance & Surety Association (ICISA) is a global association representing trade credit insurers and surety companies. ICISA members facilitate trade, by insuring payment risks resulting from local sales as well as exports, or by providing security for the performance of a contract. Members of ICISA meet regularly and benefit from an exchange of information and expertise. 
ICISA has a role as advocacy and media relations organisation on issues and topics that are relevant for the members. ICISA advises international and multinational authorities on issues related to the trade credit insurance and surety bond industries.
The object of the association is to study questions relating to credit insurance and surety, to provide opportunities for members' employees to acquire knowledge of the theory and practice of credit insurance and surety underwriting, and to represent the Members’ interests."
Technical excellence, innovation and product integrity.
Promoting sustained quality management
Advising international and multinational authorities
Structural initiatives
Trade credit insurance
Surety and bonds
Members' main lines of surety business are:
Reinsurance
ICISA was established as (ICIA) (International Credit Insurance Association) in 1928. Current members account for 95% of the world's private credit insurance business, insuring risks in most countries.

</doc>
<doc id="14332622" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14332622" title="North Carolina Film Office">
North Carolina Film Office

The North Carolina Film Office, originally called the "North Carolina Film Commission," is a member of the Association of Film Commissioners International.
Founded in 1980 by Governor James B. Hunt, the office was commissioned to help facilitate and provide a base of operation for North Carolina's burgeoning film industry. Governor Hunt appointed William "Bill" Arnold to lead the office. In 1984, producer Dino De Laurentiis created De Laurentiis Entertainment Group. He built and based a studio complex (now EUE/Screen Gems ) in Wilmington, North Carolina. The area quickly became one of the busiest production centers for film and television east of Hollywood. The North Carolina Film Office was created during a time when new technology, audience demand for location authenticity, and Hollywood’s need for lower production costs were driving filmmakers to search distant sites throughout the United States for fresh places to make movies.
With Bill Arnold leading, the North Carolina Film Commission witnessed a dramatic increase in production during the 1980s and the 1990s. Notable films during this time include: "The Color Purple" (1985), "Dirty Dancing" (1987), "Bull Durham" (1988), "Days of Thunder" (1990), "Sleeping with the Enemy" (1991), "Last of the Mohicans" (1992), "The Fugitive" (1993), and "The Crow" (1994). In 1998 Wilmington, NC became the home of the WB's critically acclaimed television network series "Dawson's Creek". The series remained in Wilmington until 2003 when it was cancelled and replaced with "One Tree Hill"—a series on The WB/CW that calls North Carolina "home." "One Tree Hill" ended in 2012 after nine seasons.
While Wilmington, NC continued to sustain itself with television, the international film climate began to shift out of North Carolina's favor. In an effort to keep production costs even cheaper, early 2000 saw production companies making films internationally. The North Carolina Film Commission was made most aware of this trend when it lost Charles Frazier's North Carolina tale, "Cold Mountain", to the country of Romania. Hoping to bring an international industry back to the United States, many law-makers across the US began creating incentives packages to encourage filming in individual states. North Carolina's legislature decided on pursuing a competitive incentive program. On August 8, 2006, Governor Mike F. Easley signed into law a legislation offering productions a full 15% tax credit on a minimum $250,000 spend in North Carolina (and not to exceed a $7.5M credit.) Since this program's inception, the NC Film Office has seen a substantial increase in production, as have other state's that have established similar programs. Since 2006, the North Carolina Film Office has recruited the following films: George Clooney's "Leatherheads" (2008), "Nights in Rodanthe" (2008) starring Richard Gere and Diane Lane, "The Marc Pease Experience" (2008) with Ben Stiller, and "Bolden!" (2008), a film about the life of jazz legend Buddy Bolden.
In September 2006, Commissioner Bill Arnold retired after 26 years of service to North Carolina's film industry. The North Carolina Film Office is now part of the NC Department of Commerce's Division of Tourism, Film and Sports Development. Aaron Syrett (former Director of the Utah Film Commission) was hired as Director of the North Carolina Film Office in spring 2007; his tenure ended at the end of July 2014. While building upon North Carolina's legacy, Syrett is taking a 21st-century approach to boost the global visibility of North Carolina's resources.
The North Carolina Film Office has 3 main responsibilities: market the State of North Carolina, serve the film industry, and serve the State of North Carolina. The office actively works to create a healthy climate in which to grow film industry economic development. A marketing agency as well, the film office educates the film industry on North Carolina's incentives program, promotes the state's infrastructure, and showcases North Carolina's diverse locations.
Projects (including film, television and commercial) are actively recruited and nurturted by the office. The office encourages industry-related companies to headquarter or have satellite companies in the state. The office ultimately serves the State of North Carolina by keeping and creating jobs in North Carolina for film crew and related businesses. As such, the film office must serve the film industry in an efficient and engaging capacity. The office hosts location scouts for producers and also provides on-the-ground assistance before and during filming. The North Carolina Film Office is the official liaison between the industry and state agencies for state property use, highway assistance, and other issues.
The office has always maintained sophisticated communications with the film industry. Not only has it maintained an informative website, but also it has supported the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival and for 9 years sponsored the American Film Market. Every spring the office participates in the Locations Trade Show hosted by the Association of Film Commissioners International in Santa Monica, CA. Members of the office make regular trips to Los Angeles, CA to meet with producers and also visit Park City, UT every January to network at the Sundance Film Festival.
The North Carolina Film Office works in tandem with 6 affiliate offices that are both publicly and privately maintained. All are certified by the Association of Film Commissioners International.
The North Carolina Film Office has a 4-person staff. Until July 2014, the director of the North Carolina Film Office was Aaron Syrett (2007-2014). In addition to working with affiliate commissions, the North Carolina Film Office is also supported by a governor-appointed group who offer advice and guidance in the interest of North Carolina's film industry. Notable members include casting director, Craig Fincannon, founder of the Full Frame Documentary Film Festival, Nancy Buirski, and former President of Universal Pictures, Thom Mount. Studio Executive Frank Capra, Jr. was also a member of the council until his death in 2007.

</doc>
<doc id="14334056" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14334056" title="TalkSwitch">
TalkSwitch

TalkSwitch designs and builds telephone systems for small and multi-location businesses. The company's Private branch exchange (PBX) and hybrid IP-PBX products enable communication over telephone and Voice over IP (VoIP) networks.
TalkSwitch was founded in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada in 1990 by entrepreneurs Jan Scheeren and Glen Collie. The men recognized that traditional telephone system manufacturers had been largely ignoring the small business market, forcing those companies to settle for scaled down versions of their big business systems. They worked on a system that would be less expensive than a traditional PBX system and could be installed, configured and maintained by its end users.
The company launched the Concero Switchboard in 1996. The Concero was a small PBX with capacity for 2 incoming phone lines and 4 local extensions. It provided automatic fax detection, automated attendants, built-in voicemail and a host of other features that were beneficial to small businesses. It received several awards but did not sell well due to lack of exposure.
Centerpoint Technologies launched the TalkSwitch line in 2000. Building this new system from the ground up, TalkSwitch systems offered an expanded feature set over what Concero had, and were designed to grow with a user’s business. The sales of this system were much better because they were able to gain a high ranking on Google. They were also built on a new software platform that allowed the company to launch its first Voice over IP products in March 2004. 
In November 2006, the company introduced its TalkSwitch VS line, which added new expansion and configuration options. For the first time, customers could set local extensions as either analog or IP, establishing TalkSwitch as one of the first truly hybrid systems on the market. 
They can be used as standalone devices, or in a network and can combine both traditional telephone lines and VoIP services, using analog and/or IP phones. The company has interoperability partnerships with a number of leading VoIP service providers including Primus, Covad, Bandwidth.com, Broadvoice and SureWest.
TalkSwitch was acquired by Fortinet in April 2011, and in 2012 its products are sold as the FortiVoice product line.
In April 2007, TalkSwitch introduced its "Attendant Console" application, the first software application built to augment its line of phone systems. The Attendant Console allows users to monitor and manage calls directly from their PCs, without requiring any additional hardware.
In August 2007 the company then launched its "Call Reporting Software", which is used to generate detailed reports on all telephone system activity. Every activity on a TalkSwitch system can be tracked and reported on. Users are able to assign built-in account codes so they can accurately bill clients for telephone charges, and management can monitor the real-time call activity of particular departments.

</doc>
<doc id="14336046" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14336046" title="Suburbia (department store)">
Suburbia (department store)

Suburbia is a chain of department stores founded in 1970, operating more than 115 stores all over Mexico.

</doc>
<doc id="14336288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14336288" title="Cox-Klemin Aircraft Corporation">
Cox-Klemin Aircraft Corporation

The Cox-Klemin Aircraft Corporation was an aircraft manufacturer on Long Island from 1921 to 1925.
It was founded by Charles Cox and Alexander Klemin (a professor at New York University) in College Point, New York.
The plant took over an ordnance in Baldwin, New York in 1924.
Among the planes it built for the United States Army Air Service were:
The company filed for bankruptcy in 1925.
Grumman was to open its first plant in the Cox-Klemin facility in 1929.

</doc>
<doc id="14336448" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14336448" title="Gale's">
Gale's

Gale's is a UK brand of honey and lemon curd, marketed by Premier Foods.
The brand was first produced in 1919 in London. It had been started by Richard Westley Gale (born 1895 in Hendon) of Richmond and Sidney Thomas Rayner of Mortlake as Rayner & Gale which was a partnership. The partnership was dissolved on 3 July 1926 and it became R.W. Gale & Co. Ltd, based in the SW9 district of south London.
In 1948 Joseph Farrow & Company of the Carlton Works, Fletton near Peterborough, a subsidiary of Reckitt & Colman that made canned foods (green peas, later marrowfat peas), bought the company. In the early 1960s it introduced a peanut spread called "Smooth'n Nutty". In 1962 it introduced mincemeat. It was made in Carrow, Norwich.
For many years Gale's were the UK's biggest manufacturer of honey.
On 28 November 1986 it was bought by Rowntree Mackintosh for £11m, and production moved to Hadfield, Derbyshire. The Norwich site was later owned by Unilever Bestfoods from 1995. The Hadfield Industrial Estate site, next to the River Etherow, had been bought by Rowntree's in June 1967.
Rowntree Mackintosh was bought by Nestlé on 28 June 1988 in a hostile takeover.
In May 2002 it was acquired by Premier Foods, when it also bought Rowntree's Jelly and other Nestlé brands for £132 million. The Hadfield site was closed in the first quarter of 2004, and production moved to the desserts and spreads plant in Cambridgeshire which also made Hartley's jam.
It is now made at Premier Foods plant at Histon, north of Cambridge. It sells around 4 million jars a year. The plant is next to the Cambridgeshire Guided Busway (former Cambridge & St. Ives Branch).
In 1964, when owned by Joseph Farrow, it promoted the idea of stirring some of its honey into hot milk for a nightcap, or to help a sore throat by putting honey into hot water with some lemon juice. In the 1960s the account was handled by JWT.
A jingle used to advertise the honey was: "Gale's, Gale's pass the honey please, think about the honey, think about the bees".
It sells strongly in the winter months from November to February each year.

</doc>
<doc id="14337768" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14337768" title="China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation">
China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation

The China Aerospace Science & Industry Corporation (CASIC) is the main contractor for the Chinese space program. It is state-owned and has a number of subordinate entities which design, develop and manufacture a range of spacecraft, launch vehicles, strategic and tactical missile systems, and ground equipment.
First established as the 5th Academy of the Ministry of Defense in October 1956, it went through numerous name changes including the Ministry of the 7th Machinery Industry, the Ministry of Aerospace Industry, the Ministry of Aviation and Aerospace Industry, China Aerospace Corporation, China Aerospace Machinery and Electronics Corporation in July 1999, and finally the present name China Aerospace Science & Industry Corporation in July 2001. CASIC owns seven academies, two scientific research and development bases, six public listed companies, and over 620 other companies and institutes scattered nationwide, with more than 135,000 employees.
CASIC is the biggest missile weapon system developing and manufacturing enterprise in China. It possesses a complete capability for developing, researching and manufacturing air defense missile systems, cruise missile systems, solid propellent rockets, space technological products and other technologies with products covering various fields of land, sea, air, and electromagnetic spectrum. CASIC has successively provided dozens of advanced missile equipment systems for the various nations, and it also has made outstanding contributions to Chinese manned space flight, lunar exploration and other key Chinese national projects. In 2012 (fiscal year), the total assets of CASIC is CNY 159.6 billion ¥, sales is CNY 134 billion ¥, and profit is CNY8.92 billion ¥.
CASIC has established ExPace as their commercial space launch rocket arm, for manufacturing their Kuaizhou series of solid rocket motor based space rockets.
China Sanjiang Space Group Co., the first commercial space launch company in China, is a subsidiary of CASIC.
CASIC had a subsidiary, CASIC Finance, which invested 15% stake in Yingda Asset Management.

</doc>
<doc id="14338605" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14338605" title="Vocelli Pizza">
Vocelli Pizza

Vocelli Pizza (formerly Pizza Outlet) is a pizzeria based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. , the chain has stores in the District of Columbia, Florida, Maryland, North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Virginia, and West Virginia. The trade magazine "Pizza Today" ranked Vocelli Pizza in their Top 100 pizza franchises for 2007, based on its 2006 sales of $55 million.
The chain was founded in Mount Lebanon, Pennsylvania near Pittsburgh in 1988 as Pizza Outlet. What was simply a local pizza shop quickly expanded in the Pittsburgh Tri-State region during the 1990s. During this time, their slogan was "Delivering Great Taste to Your Door". They also briefly used "The Taste that SCREAMS Fresh!" as well before reverting to their old slogan. Before reverting to their old slogan, Pizza Outlet was widely regarded as an affordable, yet horrible option for college students on a budget, especially among University of Pittsburgh students in the dorm towers.
This era is remembered for featuring wrestler Kurt Angle in a commercial featuring two CGI-animated pizza toppings that the chain had been using as mascots at the time wrestling each other on top of a pizza Angle had just ordered. The Rock later poked fun at Angle and the commercial on an episode of "WWE Raw" in Angle's hometown after Angle had established himself in the WWE.
After experiencing fast growth throughout the 1990s in its home market, the chain entered select markets in the Southern United States. However, the chain wasn't as successful.
Instead of withdrawing from these markets to focus on the more successful (and more competitive) Pittsburgh market, Pizza Outlet instead change the name of their Southern locations to Vocelli Pizza in 2002, and adopting an Italian theme in the restaurant in the process. Previously, the Pizza Outlet locations had no specific theme inside each location.
Despite the changes, the product itself remained the same. Nevertheless, sales at the Southern stores skyrocketed after the change. So much so, that the company reverted plans to keep the Pizza Outlet name in Pittsburgh and the remaining Pizza Outlet stores were rebranded as Vocelli Pizza in 2003. The company also cited the name change as to be more classy compared to the generic-sounding Pizza Outlet.
Today, Vocelli continues to expand, and is currently ranked as one of the fast-growing pizzerias in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="14339433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14339433" title="Brasserie Thiriez">
Brasserie Thiriez

Brasserie Thiriez is a small craft brewery located in Esquelbecq, a town in the Arrondissement of Dunkirk in the Nord "département", in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais "région" of France, quite close to the Belgian border. It is situated on the grounds that formerly housed the Poitevin farm brewery, which was active and served the local area until 1945. The current brewery was founded in 1996 by Daniel Thiriez, who had become interested in homebrewing as a college student, and later left his career as a "human resources professional for a large supermarket chain" in the interest of reviving the tradition of the small village brewery.
It exports beers in europe, and the USA.
The brewery's focus is generally on light to medium-colored top-fermented beers with a pronounced hop presence, reflective both of some of the historic beers of the region and the owner's personal preference. There is a tasting room and tap on the brewery premises, at which bottled beer can also be purchased. The products are available in 33cl and 75cl glass bottles, large 2L growlers and on tap.
The Thiriez Brewery began with a small Velo brand brewhouse manufactured in Italy with a capacity of 6 hL per batch, which was installed within the historic farm structure. However, it quickly outgrew this set-up and is now housed in a purpose-built freestanding building on the grounds, in which a larger system with a 20 hL capacity has been installed. To reach the current annual volume, a batch of beer is started approximately 3 times per week during the brewing season.
A two-step infusion mash is typically performed, after which the beers are fermented in one of four cylindro-conical tanks at warm temperatures for up to 7 days, then cold-conditioned for a period of 2–3 weeks, after which they are dosed with sugar and stored in a warm room to naturally carbonate in the bottle or keg. The beers are unfiltered and continue to condition and mature after packaging, although the brewer advises drinking them within one year. English and Czech hop varieties are primarily used, and some of the recipes utilize spices as well.
The distinctive house yeast strain is maintained by a lab in Brussels, and new yeast is typically obtained from them after about 15 uses. In 2007, Wyeast Laboratories commercially released a "French Saison" strain on a limited basis which is widely believed to have been derived from the Thiriez variety. The strain is now available year round.
From time to time and at the brewer's whim, special beers are produced. These have included a Plum Ale and various brews made or labeled for special events or institutions, such as La Bénache, made for the Musée de la Vie Rurale in the town of Steenwerck.

</doc>
<doc id="14341352" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14341352" title="Myllykoski Corporation">
Myllykoski Corporation

Myllykoski Corporation was a family owned international paper group with central offices in Helsinki and Anjalankoski, manufacturing in Germany, Finland and North America, and sales offices around the world. The roots of the company date back to its founding by the Björnberg family in 1892. The company was acquired in 2011 by Finnish manufacturer UPM-Kymmene.
The company makes supercalendered and coated (SC) paper and lightweight coated (LWC) paper, principally for use in magazines, catalogs, advertising inserts, and brochures. Myllykoski produces about 500,000 tons of paper annually, about 95% of which is exported to Europe, Africa, Asia, and United States.
The company owns about 65% while the other 35% was held by M-real. Myllykoski's paper is sold in US through Madison International Sales Company, another Myllykoski Corporation subsidiary.
Myllykoski is the third largest producer of SC paper in the world and is among the top five in coated mechanical grades.
The European mills of Myllykoski are certified according to the guidelines of ISO 9001, ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001. In addition to that, the German mills participate to the EMAS II validation. The mills in North America operate according to the standards of European mills although they are not certified.
Myllykoski Paper producing mechanical uncoated (SC) and coated publication paper which yield about 570,000 tonnes annually. The company owns 50% of the Finnish pulp producer Sunila Oy together with Stora Enso.
Myllykoski Continental includes Lang Papier of Germany (newsprint and SC paper), MD Albbruck (coated offset paper in reels and sheets) and MD Plattling (coated rotogravure). The combined production capacity of Myllykoski Continental is 1.5 million tonnes annually.
Papierfabrik Utzenstorf of Switzerland (newsprint, UMI) left Myllykoski Corporation with management buyout by 24. June 2009.
Myllykoski North America includes Madison Paper Industries, in Madison, Maine, producing mechanical uncoated offset and rotogravure which yield about 220,000 tonnes annually. Madison Paper Company in Alsip, Illinois, recycled fiber-based coated offset which produced 140,000 tonnes annually.
Rhein Papier is a legally independent company managed by Myllykoski Continental. The capacity of Rhein Papier is 280,000 TPa newsprint.

</doc>
<doc id="14342235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14342235" title="Prvi Partizan">
Prvi Partizan

Prvi Partizan (, ) is a Serbian manufacturer of ammunition and handloading components, based in Užice, Serbia.
The company was founded in 1928 under the name "FOMU - Fabrika Oružja i Municije Užice" ("Weapons and Munitions Factory at Užice).
During World War II the decentralized Resistance-run ammunition works run by Tito's partisans was named "Prvi Partizan fabrika" ("First Partisan factory"). This name was retained after the war when it was moved back to the FOMU facility at Uzice. 
The company produces ammunition for civilian and military consumers in a variety of calibers in various loadings. Several ammunition articles list Prvi Partizan as one of the few sources of certain unusual cartridges, such as the 8x56mmR used in the M95/30 variant of the Mannlicher M1895, the 7.92×33mm Kurz cartridge used in the StG 44 rifle, and the 7.65×53mm Argentine cartridge. In early 2009, the company introduced the 8mm Lebel, becoming the first commercial manufacturer in decades to produce it.
Prvi Partizan cartridges carry the headstamp "ППУ" ("PPU"), which stands as abbreviation of the company's name in Cyrilic letters, "Први партизан Ужице" ("Prvi partizan Užice"). Prvi Partizan has made ammunition with the head-stamps PP and PPU.

</doc>
<doc id="14342741" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14342741" title="Pillowtex Corporation">
Pillowtex Corporation

Pillowtex was a United States textile manufacturing company from 1954 to 2003. Pillowtex was originally a pillow, mattress pad and down or synthetic comforter maker. They bought Fieldcrest who made products by the brands Cannon, Royal Velvet, Fieldcrest, Charisma, and others. Its brands were purchased by Iconix Brand Group in 2007. It was publicly traded on NYSE as PTX. It ended its operations in 2003 when it filed for bankruptcy.
The Pillowtex brand was bought by Pacific Pillows in 2009 and memory and latex foam pillows are now sold under the Pillowtex name.

</doc>
<doc id="14342785" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14342785" title="Tip Top (ice cream)">
Tip Top (ice cream)

Fonterra Brands (Tip Top) Ltd or commonly known simply as Tip Top ice cream, is a subsidiary of the Fonterra Co-operative Group based in Auckland, New Zealand.
In 1936 Albert Hayman and Len Malaghan opened their first ice cream parlour in Manners Street, Wellington, New Zealand followed in the same year by a second milk bar in Wellington, and one in Dunedin. "Tip Top Ice Cream Company" was registered as a manufacturing company in 1936. By 1938 Tip Top was manufacturing its own ice cream and was successfully operating stores in the lower half of the North Island, and in Nelson and Blenheim.
In May 1938 "Tip Top Ice Cream Company Auckland Limited" was incorporated into the growing ice cream business. Due to distribution difficulties and World War II, this was operated as a completely separate company to the Wellington Tip Top.
In November 1962, Hayman and Malaghan opened the biggest and most technically advanced ice cream factory in the Southern Hemisphere, built at Mount Wellington, Auckland, New Zealand. The Tip Top factory included staff houses and of farm land overlooking the Southern Motorway and cost NZ$700,000. Prime Minister Keith Holyoake attended the opening ceremony.
By 1964 the Company had expanded to such an extent that a parent company was formed, "General Foods Corporation (NZ) Limited". It was rated as one of the soundest investments on the stock exchange and other companies were quick to note its potential.
The Auckland Tip Top factory was originally a seasonal factory, which worked only to produce ice cream for the summer months. They sold for a shilling, and early innovations led to ice cream inventions like Topsy, Jelly Tip, FruJu and Ice Cream Sundaes, some of which are among New Zealand's iconic foods today. The overwhelming success of these products transformed the Mt Wellington site from a summer-centred seasonal factory into a 24-hour, 365-day operation.
As demand grew over the years, 2 further plants were opened in Christchurch and Perth. The Christchurch factory was specially designed to meet the stringent export requirements of the Japanese market.
Supermodel Rachel Hunter appeared for the first time on television in an advertisement for Tiptop Trumpet in the mid-1980s at 15 years of age. This advertisement was popular and helped the Tip Top brand grow even stronger in New Zealand whilst also helping to launch her career.
In April 1997 Tip Top was purchased by a West Australian food processor, Peters & Browne’s Foods from Heinz Watties. This merger of Peters & Browne’s and Tip Top created the largest independent ice cream business in the Southern Hemisphere with combined sales of $550 million.
On 18 June 2001 Tip Top Ice Cream became part of Fonterra Co-operative Group after Fonterra purchased the Peter and Browne’s Foods Business.
In 2007 the Christchurch Factory was closed with all production moving to Auckland.
In 2011 Tip Top celebrated its 75th Anniversary.
Celebrations took place throughout the country in November 2006 to mark the 70th anniversary of Tip Top Ice Cream. This included 13 selected dairies (a New Zealand term for convenience store) selling 10 cent, 1 scoop cone ice creams for one day as a promotional activity. Usually the price for a 1 scoop cone of Tip Top ice cream at a dairy is $1–2 depending on where it is purchased.
As Tip Top considered rail and bus commuters to be their first loyal customers, on 22 November 2006 at Britomart Transport Centre (Auckland’s New Central railway terminal) a Tracey Collins-designed ice cream tree took centre-stage on the rail platform. Many local schools took the train to the Britomart to view the displays about the history of Tip Top ice cream and see the ice cream tree.
Also as part of Tip Top's celebration, the previously discontinued brand Joy Bar was giving a temporary reprieve.
Tip Top produces around 41 million litres of ice cream a year, and Fonterra Brands (Tip Top) Ltd has around 400 employees. New Zealanders alone consume the equivalent of 1.9 million litres of milk in the form of Tip Top ice cream every year. Also, New Zealand's 4.4 million people population, consume around two million Jelly Tips every year.
Tip Top Ice Cream is exported to Japan, Taiwan, Malaysia, Australia, Indonesia and the Pacific Islands.
Today, the three most sold bowl ice cream flavours are Vanilla, Hokey Pokey and Jelly Tip. The five most popular (by sales) Tip Top novelties are Choc Bar, Lemonade Popsicle, Memphis Meltdown Big Nuts, Jelly Tip and Pineapple FruJu. The oldest novelty ice cream still in production
is the Eskimo Pie.

</doc>
<doc id="14342916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14342916" title="Cinema Epoch">
Cinema Epoch

Cinema Epoch is an independent film distribution and production company based in the U.S. It was founded by distribution veteran and filmmaker Gregory Hatanaka. The company specializes in the release of foreign, independent and cult cinema. Its first release was the martial arts classic "Master of the Flying Guillotine". The company's DVD releases are distributed through E1 Entertainment.

</doc>
<doc id="14343312" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14343312" title="Mainland (cheese)">
Mainland (cheese)

Mainland Cheese is a brand of cheese now owned by Fonterra Co-operative Group that is sold throughout Australasia and parts of the Americas. It began as a family business in the South Island of New Zealand (which is jocularly known as the "mainland" of New Zealand because it is larger than the North Island).
Mainland Products Ltd was founded in 1954 by Peter McConnon. It grew rapidly, encompassing fresh and processed milk, cheese (with which the company's name is most associated today) as well as ice cream (Tip Top), processed meats (Kiwi Huttons) and other consumer foods. Kiwi Co-operative Dairies led by CEO Craig Norgate acquired 83% of the business in the 1990s. The balance was acquired by Fonterra (formed by a 2001 merger which included Kiwi Co-op), also led by Norgate, in 2002.
In 2005, Fonterra sold most of the business that was formerly part of Mainland to Graeme Hart's Rank Group Ltd but it retained all the cheese assets. Mainland cheese now comes under Fonterra Brands. The balance of the former Mainland company is now part of Goodman Fielder.
Mainland established an iconic advertising campaign (see, for example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfHptym_hXE, an ad from 1991). Mainland's advertising in New Zealand has been largely focused on the theme of waiting/patience, mirroring the aging process of cheese.
Mainland's advertising in Australia has been largely focused on playing on the New Zealand accent. For example, "your frind in the frudge" ("your friend in the fridge"), and confusing the sound of "cheese day" with "Tuesday".

</doc>
<doc id="14344232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14344232" title="Skyline Builders">
Skyline Builders

Skyline Builders is a residential real estate developer in Kerala headquartered in Kochi. Started as a partnership firm in 1989 the first project of Skyline Builder, Skyline Mansion, was at Gandhinagar, Kochi. Skyline Builders is headed by CMD Abdul Azeez.
Its prime activity includes the development of residential and villa projects and also has commercial property development. Skyline Builders has 137 projects till date in 10 cities across Kerala. The home builder has completed and handed over 122 residential projects and it has 15 ongoing residential projects. Skyline Builders has over 1.4 crore sq.ft built-up area in its credit. Over 6600 clients from about 51 countries invested in Skyline Builders.

</doc>
<doc id="14345170" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14345170" title="Student Welfare Organisation in Trondheim">
Student Welfare Organisation in Trondheim

The Student Welfare Organisation in Trondheim () or SiT is the student welfare organisation in Trondheim, Norway and is responsible for the welfare of about 25,000 students at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), and Queen Maud's College of Early Childhood Education (DMMH).
Among the responsibilities of SiT include housing for 3000 students, two gyms, kindergarten places, ten cafés, the seven book stores SiT Tapir, psychologists, advisors, career centre, heath station and economic support arrangements. The housing for students is located at Berg, Singsaker, Øya, Moholt, Jakobsli, Lerkendal, Teknobyen, Nedre Berg and Steinan. About 20% of students in Trondheim have accommodation through SiT. Facilities are located on ten campuses in town, including Gløshaugen, Dragvoll, Øya, Tyholt, Kalvskinnet, Moholt, Leangen, Rotvoll, Tunga, Trondheim and DMMH.
SiT is led by a board, with the majority and chairman being students. Other representatives are from NTNU and HiST as well as the employees in SiT. The highest organ for welfare activities is "Velferdstinget" ("the welfare parliament") that has 17 student members.

</doc>
<doc id="14345475" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14345475" title="Panasas">
Panasas

Panasas, Inc. is a privately-held data storage company that specializes in high-performance network-attached storage for technical computing environments.
Founded in 1999 by Garth Gibson and William Courtright, Panasas is a computer data storage product company headquartered in Sunnyvale, California. The company initially started with venture capital funding from Mohr Davidow Ventures (MDV) and additional investors include the Carlyle Group, Centennial Ventures, Evercore Partners, Goldman Sachs, Intel Capital and Novak-Biddle Venture Partners. Its first products were shipped in 2004. After an estimated 20 customers, Victor M. Perez became chief executive in August 2004. Faye Pairman (previously of Applied Micro Circuits Corporation's 3ware division) became chief executive in 2011.
Panasas developed an extension for managing parallel file access in the Network File System (NFS). This work was later integrated in Parallel NFS (pNFS), part of the NFS version 4.1 specification, published by the Internet Engineering Task Force as RFC 5661 in January, 2010. pNFS describes a way for the NFS protocol to process file requests to multiple servers or storage devices at once, instead of handling the requests serially.
Panasas products utilize the proprietary DirectFlow protocol, which is based on the pNFS standard and ideally suited for the high performance Linux clusters commonly found in technical computing environments.
Panasas supports NFS, Parallel NFS and Server Message Block (also known as CIFS) data access protocols to integrate into existing local area networks. Panasas blade servers manage metadata, serving data for NFS and CIFS clients using 10 Gigabit Ethernet.
Panasas systems provide data storage and management for high-performance applications in the biosciences, energy, media and entertainment, manufacturing, government and research sectors.
The ActiveStor product line is a computer appliance that integrates hybrid storage hardware, file system PanFS and network protocols. It uses a computer cluster to provide scalability, known as "scale-out". ActiveStor systems combine high-capacity hard drives and solid state drives for improved mixed-workload performance with rapid access to small and large files alike. ActiveStor 20 was announced in August 2016 with increased capacity, using larger and faster disks.
The PanFS clustered file system creates a single pool of storage under a global filename space to support multiple applications and workflows in a single storage system with high performance for technical applications.
PanFS supports DirectFlow (pNFS), NFS and CIFS data access protocols simultaneously.
DirectFlow is the parallel data access protocol designed by Panasas and delivered on ActiveStor products. DirectFlow avoids traditional protocol I/O bottlenecks by allowing compute clients to access Panasas storage directly and in parallel 
DirectFlow was originally supported on Linux, and expanded in April 2016 to support Apple MacOS. 

</doc>
<doc id="14350243" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14350243" title="Acme Packet">
Acme Packet

Acme Packet is a company based in Bedford, Massachusetts which produces and markets session border controllers (SBCs), multiservice security gateways (MSGs) and session routing proxies (SRPs). It is a public company incorporated in Delaware. Acme Packet customers include 89 of the largest 100 service providers in the world. Acme Packet employs over 761 individuals in 31 countries. In 2011 The Boston Globe named Acme Packet one of the best places to work in Massachusetts.
In 2002, ACME Packet Net-Net family of Session Aware Networking products won SUPERQuest award for most promising IP/application services technology for public networks at SUPERCOMM 2002.
On February 4, 2013, Oracle Corporation announced that it was to acquire Acme Packet for US$2.1 billion.
Acme Packet’s Net-Net product family consists of the Net-Net OS software platform, 2600, 3000, 4000 and 9000 series systems, 4000 ATCA blade, and the EMS and SAS management tools. The Net-Net OS can be configured to provide SBC, MSG or SRP functions on any of the hardware platforms. The brand name "Net-Net" reflects the role of these products in interconnecting IP networks for voice, video and multimedia services.
Acme Packet SBCs provide control functions to deliver trusted, first-class interactive communications—voice, video and multimedia sessions—across IP network borders. They support multiple applications in service provider, large enterprise and contact center networks—from VoIP trunking to hosted enterprise and residential services to fixed-mobile convergence.
Acme Packet MSGs enables fixed-mobile substitution and convergence by securing the delivery of voice and data services over untrusted Internet and WiFi networks to femtocells and dual-mode endpoints.
Acme Packet SRPs overcome the challenges inherent in routing large numbers of SIP-based voice, video, instant messaging and multimedia sessions within and between the service provider networks.
Acme Packet competitors include Sonus Networks, AudioCodes, Sansay, Dialogic, Metaswitch, Huawei, Alcatel-Lucent, Genband, ZTE and Cirpack.

</doc>
<doc id="14350321" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14350321" title="NERAC">
NERAC

Nerac, Inc. is a research and advisory firm for companies developing innovative products and technologies. Nerac is located in Tolland, Connecticut, USA.
The company was founded in 1966 by Daniel Wilde, a professor of computer science at the University of Connecticut (UCONN). Nerac began operating in 1966 as the New England Research Application Center, an experimental collaboration between the University of Connecticut and the National Aeronautics & Space Administration (NASA). In 1985, Nerac separated from the University of Connecticut and incorporated under the name Nerac, Inc. Having succeeded in its NASA-sponsored mission, Nerac severed its ties with NASA in 1991. An article by NASA Exploring the Unknown talks about the benefits of NASA "Spinoff" technology. Currently, Nerac provides clients access to analysts who serve as advisors and deliver custom assessments of product and technology development opportunities, competitive threats, intellectual property strategies, compliance requirements, and scientific review and problem-solving.
Nerac Analysts come from a wide variety of business, scientific and technical backgrounds.
Nerac also acts as an information aggregator for scientific and technical databases.

</doc>
<doc id="14353393" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14353393" title="Bliss-stick">
Bliss-stick

Bliss-stick are a company that make whitewater kayaks. They are currently New Zealand's largest kayak producer and exporter.
To date, Bliss-stick have produced 26 models of kayaks. As of September 2008, 13 models are in production.
Models produced include:

</doc>
<doc id="14354571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14354571" title="Atlantic Marine">
Atlantic Marine

Atlantic Marine was an American shipbuilding and construction company. It operated two shipyards, one in Mobile, Alabama and the original corporate location, a smaller one in Jacksonville, Florida where its headquarters was located. It was acquired by BAE Systems in May 2010 for $352 million. BAE Systems renamed the former company BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards, a division of BAE Systems Inc.
As Atlantic Marine Holdings, the company took over the former shipyard of the Alabama Drydock and Shipbuilding Company in 1992. In 2006, the company was itself taken over by an investment firm run by former U.S. Navy Secretary John F. Lehman and became known simply as Atlantic Marine. 
The company offered a variety of services, including shipbuilding, ship repairs, maintenance and conversion, and also steel fabrication for industrial uses. The Alabama drydock facility was capable of servicing vessels of up to 46,400 tons, including cargo and cruise ships, and also offered repair and conversion facilities for "drilling rigs and semi-submersibles that served the offshore oil industry."
The Jacksonville drydock serviced vessels of up to 14,600 tons, and specialized in "mega-yacht repairs and refits, as well as commercial and U.S. Navy ship repairs and conversions, marine fabrication, and industrial fabrication and machining."
The company employed 600 full-time workers in 2005.

</doc>
<doc id="14356146" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14356146" title="Redtribe">
Redtribe

Redtribe is an Australian video game developer that was co-founded in 2003 by veteran game developer and entrepreneur Chris Mosely and Samantha Robson. Chris Mosely was previously the CEO and founder of Blue Tongue Entertainment in 1995. RedTribe was the first Australian developer to release a game on the Xbox 360 & Wii in Australia & New Zealand .
RedTribe won the prestigious Business3000 'Export Business of the Year' and the overall ‘Business of the Year’ awards in 2007.
Redtribe has released games on PlayStation 2, Xbox 360, Wii and PC

</doc>
<doc id="14356949" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14356949" title="Trinity Industries">
Trinity Industries

Trinity Industries Inc. owns a variety of businesses which provide product and services to the industrial, energy, transportation and construction sectors.
Now, the company has five business groups which are Rail Group, Construction Products Group, Inland Barge Group, Energy Equipment Group and Railcar Leasing & Management Services Group.
The company, first known as Trinity Steel, was founded by C. J. Bender in Dallas in 1933. W. Ray Wallace, an engineering graduate of Louisiana Tech, worked for Dallas's Austin Bridge Company in 1944 before joining the company in 1946 as its seventeenth employee. At the time Trinity Steel manufactured butane tanks in a Dallas County mule barn. In 1958 Trinity Steel merged with Dallas Tank Company, which was also founded in 1933, and Ray Wallace became the new firm's president and first chief executive officer. At the time Trinity had revenues reaching $2.5 million and employed 200 workers. While some employees of the firm in other states eventually unionized, Texas workers never formed a union. For a time the company profited by producing larger tanks that enabled it to enter the petroleum business and do steel fabrication for refineries. In addition, to free up capital, it established an investment company to buy trucks and lease them back to the firm. Nonetheless, by 1957 Trinity faced competition and declines in the petroleum industry. Dallas Tank, Trinity Steel, and Bender-Wallace Development Company merged in 1958 to form Trinity Industries, Incorporated, and went public.
In 1970 Trinity diversified with the acquisition of of land adjacent to the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport and in 1971 established its first real estate subsidiary. Acquisition of Mosher Steel in 1973, after initially contracting work out to them, enhanced the company's structural business. Among projects completed by the firm's structural division were the Texas Stadium, New York's World Trade Center, the Balboa Bridge in Panama, the Pennzoil Building, and two buildings in Moscow.
By the 1980s two subsidiaries, Gamble's Incorporated of Alabama and Mosher Steel of Texas, manufactured structural products including materials for drilling platforms, highway bridge components, commercial-high-rise buildings, and other girders and beams. The firm's marine subsidiary, Equitable Shipyards, produced LASH or Lighter Aboard Ship barges, riverboats for use by Hilton Hotels, and other craft for industrial uses. Hackney, Incorporated, its metal components subsidiary, produced materials for piping systems. Trinity produced completed railcars, including tank cars, covered and open hoppers, and gondolas to transport chemicals, coal, structural steel and other commodities, at locations in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, and Longview, Texas, and held two railcar leasing subsidiaries. The company also produced containers for fertilizer, liquified petroleum gas, and nuclear fuel and waste. In 1981 Trinity acquired a metal fabrication firm at Channelview, Texas, and Babcock & Wilcox plants in Elkhart, Indiana, and Koppel, Pennsylvania, and in 1983 it acquired Halter Marine. In 1984 Trinity acquired the railcar designs and production facilities of the Pullman-Standard Car Manufacturing Company, once the largest railcar manufacturer in North America. That same year Trinity also acquired the railcar designs of General American Transportation Corporation. In 1986 the rail car designs and production facilities of Greenville Steel Car Company were purchased, including the auto rack designs of Portec-Paragon. Also acquired in 1986 were the railcar designs of North American Car Corporation, and in 1987 Ortner Freight Car was acquired.
In the 1990s expansion continued with the acquisition of the Transit Mix Concrete and Materials Company of Beaumont, Texas, Beiard Industries, Syro Steel and Stearns Airport Equipment of Fort Worth, Texas. By 1993 revenues exceeded $1.5 billion, and the firm employed 13,000 people.
In 2001 Trinity Industries acquired the designs and production facilities of Thrall Car Manufacturing Company, which fabricates railroad freight cars.
The company completed the sale of its weld pipe fittings business.
The company sold its European Rail business to International Railway Systems S.A.
During the year ended December 31, 2006, it made two acquisitions in the Construction Products Group.
The company's subsidiary, Transit Mix Concrete & Materials Company, acquired a combined group of East Texas asphalt, ready mix concrete and aggregates businesses operating under the name Armor Materials.
The group manufactures and sells railroad cars (hopper cars, gondolas, flat cars, roll cars, intermodal cars, tank cars, etc.) and component parts. Its customers include railroads, leasing companies and shippers of products.
The group produces concrete, aggregates, highway products, beams and girders used in highway bridge construction. Its customers include contractors and subcontractors in the construction and foundation industry.
In March 2012, Joshua Harman, co-owner of guardrail manufacturing and installation companies SPIG Industry and Selco Construction Services, filed a federal False Claims Act (FCA) suit against Trinity Highway Products, LLC. Trinity manufactures under license the ET Plus System—a guardrail end terminal system designed by the Texas A&M Transportation Institute (TTI). Mr. Harman alleged that Trinity did not properly notify the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) in 2005 when Trinity changed the ET Plus guide channel from five inches to four. Trinity made the modification upon the recommendation of TTI which had successfully crash tested the product. Prior to May 18, 2015, FHWA did not expect product submitters to notify FHWA of “non-significant” modifications if the modification was though to have no effect on how the device would slow, stop or redirect the vehicle. Harman further alleged that these were cost-cutting changes that resulted in unsafe products being deployed on U.S. highways. Automobile accidents involving the ET Plus System have involved guardrails penetrating vehicles and causing injury to the driver. Lawsuits regarding the guardrails causing injury to motorists were pending in U.S. courts in 2014.
In October, 2014, the federal lawsuit resulted in a fraud jury verdict of $175 million which under FCA was tripled to $525 million. In June 2015, the U.S. District Court in the Eastern District of Texas certified the verdict and assessed the final penalty at $663 million. Trinity has appealed the case to the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals.
In January 2014, Nevada suspended the use of the guardrails due to Trinity's lack of disclosure. By October 2014, 14 states had suspended new installations of the end terminal. A report by the University of Alabama at Birmingham which examined data from almost a decade of crash reports concluded the ET Plus guardrail end terminal to be nearly three times more likely to result in fatality than the previous version of the end terminal. In January 2015, the FHWA commissioned a peer review of the University of Alabama at Birmingham report. All four reviewers raised concerns about limitations or flaws in the study’s methodology, which led all of the reviewers to question the validity of the study’s findings and conclusions. In October 2014, the FHWA issued a memorandum requesting information from state transportation departments regarding the ET Plus performance. In addition, the FHWA requested the guardrail be retested. Trinity voluntarily stopped shipping the ET Plus until the additional crash testing requested by the FHWA could be completed. Up to that point, 42 states had stopped installation of new ET Plus guardrails pending further testing.
The company conducted a series of eight crash tests at 27-inch and 31-inch heights to conform to the prevailing standard for guardrails of this type: NCHRP Report 350. After a review by the FHWA and an independent expert, in March 2015 the FHWA announced that the ET Plus® ET Plus passed all eight crash tests, and that the product remained eligible for federal reimbursement.
In March 2015, the Virginia Department of Transportation announced plans to replace ET Plus guardrails.
In September 2015, The FHWA and the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials published a joint task force report titled, “Safety Analysis of Extruding W-Beam Guardrail End Terminal Crashes.” The report concluded that there are no unique performance limitations that can be attributed to the ET Plus, that there are real-world conditions that exceed the performance expectation of all end terminal systems, and that additional crash testing of all existing Report 350-compliant end terminals would be irrelevant and uninformative. The report also cited installation, maintenance and repair as factors affecting product performance.
On October 23, 2105, Trinity Highway Products announced that it would resume shipping the ET Plus to fill orders as they are approved and accepted.
The group manufactures dry-cargo barges and hopper barges.
The group manufactures tank containers and tank heads for pressure vessels, propane tanks and structural wind towers.
The group provides fleet management, maintenance and leasing services.
Trinity Industries Leasing operates DOT-111 Tank cars for lease in North America.

</doc>
<doc id="14357354" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14357354" title="Long Tall Sally Clothing">
Long Tall Sally Clothing

Long Tall Sally is a clothing and shoe brand for tall women 5'8" and over.
The first store was opened in 1976 on Chiltern Street in the West End of London. In 2014 there are 11stores in UK, 2 in the US,7 in Canada, 4 in Germany. The company also sends out catalogues and runs an ecommerce website.
In 2008 the company started selling in North America through catalogue and web marketing, and in 2009 acquired the Canadian assets and trade of Tall Girl, including nine stores across Canada. Since then the company has also taken over German tall business Long Fashion and US footwear business Bare Foot Tess. The range features brands such as NYDJ, Silver, Hush Puppies, Clarks, Nine West, Ruby Rocks among others.
Head office is based in Compton st, London. The business is headed up by Andrew Shapin as CEO, supported by a management team of exec directors and heads of department. (Jane Woolf, Tim Williams, Alison Doherty, Sian Field, Susan Smith-Muccilli, Lara Curry, Natalie Devereux, Diana Bonham) The business is backed by Amery Capital, owned by Michael and Maurice Bennett and Maurice Helfgott.

</doc>
<doc id="14365062" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14365062" title="Hartmann &amp; Weiss">
Hartmann &amp; Weiss

Hartmann & Weiss GmbH is a Hamburg-based custom sporting firearms maker founded in 1965 by two ex-James Purdey workers. They make sporting arms, including shotguns, over and under, falling-block single rifles, and bolt-action rifles based on Mauser 98 and several other modern actions. They have produced small numbers of double rifles, in calibers from .375 H&H to the .600 Nitro Express.
Otto Weiss was a gunsmith who worked at Merkel in East Germany before fleeing that country in 1958 for England, where he initially worked at Purdey's. Five years later he relocated to Hamburg to work with Gerhard Hartmann as a custom gunsmith. In 1964 he and Hartmann founded the company. Three years later, an associate named Peter Nelson established a second location in England.

</doc>
<doc id="14368215" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14368215" title="Mizkan">
Mizkan

The company was founded in Handa in 1804 by Matazaemon Nakano, who began producing rice vinegar using byproducts from the production of sake (rice alcohol). Nakano named his company the Mitsukan Group. In the late 1970s Mitsukan expanded from Japan into the United States and began acquiring regional condiment companies. The group was officially registered as a corporate entity in July 1977. In 1995, in honour of its founder, the U.S. arm of the business changed its name to Nakano Foods, Inc. In 2004, the Mitsukan Group became The Mizkan Group Corporation, and Nakano Foods, Inc became Mizkan Americas, Inc.
Mizkan's product range includes: vinegars, seasoned rice vinegars, balsamic vinegars, wine vinegars, mustards, jellies, salad dressings, and authentic Asian sauces. The company's president is Matazaemon Kazuhide Nakano VIII.
In July 2012 Premier Foods sold its Sarson's vinegar, Haywards pickled onion and Dufrais vinegar brands to Mizkan for £41m as part of a streamlining programme. Also in late 2012 the Branston pickle brand was sold to Mizkan.
In May 2014, it bought the US Ragú and Bertolli pasta and sauce brands from Unilever for $2.15 billion.

</doc>
<doc id="14373700" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14373700" title="Vuze, Inc.">
Vuze, Inc.

Vuze, Inc. (formerly Azureus, Inc.) is a company formed by some of the core developers of the open source BitTorrent client Azureus. Based in San Mateo, California, it bills itself as "the company behind Azureus".
In January 2007, the company launched an Azureus-powered open entertainment platform called Vuze (formerly Zudeo), which is intended to enable content providers to easily distribute their content over the Internet.
The company claimed to have "distribution deals with 12 television, film and media companies" and now seems to have deals with over 100 content providers around the world. Vuze attracts and features content from global television networks (BBC, Showtime, PBS, A&E, National Geographic Channel & more), production studios and content creators. Vuze also provides viewers with content that can be viewed on a computer monitor or connected TV.
In November 2007, Vuze filed a petition with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission to restrict Internet traffic throttling by Internet Service Providers (ISPs). Vuze filed its “Petition for Rulemaking” to urge the FCC to adopt regulations limiting Internet traffic throttling, a practice by which ISPs block or slow the speed at which Internet content, including video files, can be uploaded or downloaded.
In December 2007, Vuze secured $20 million in its C round of funding. This round was led by New Enterprise Associates (NEA), with existing investors Redpoint Ventures, Greycoft Partners, BV Capital, and Jarl Mohn participating. As a result of the investment, TiVo Co-Founder and former CEO Mike Ramsay joined the Vuze Board of Directors.
In December 2006, the BBC announced that hundreds of episodes of its programs will be made available through Vuze (restricted by DRM).

</doc>
<doc id="14374162" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14374162" title="Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development">
Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development

The Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development (KFAED), commonly known as the Kuwait Fund, is the State of Kuwait’s agency for the provision and administration of financial and technical assistance to developing countries. 
Founded in December 1961 by then Minister of Finance Sheikh Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Sabah, the Kuwait Fund was operational shortly after the country’s independence, ensuring that Kuwait’s newly discovered oil wealth was put to benefit neighbors and friends alike. The Fund was created as a message from the Kuwaiti people, ensuring that “"Here we are embarking on the tides of change but we will not forget our friends in need"”.
The Kuwait Fund is the first aid agency in the world to be established by a developing country. KFAED was originally established with a capital of KWD 50 million, increased to KWD 200 million in 1966.
""When first established in 1961, the Kuwait Fund was without precedent. Here was Kuwait, a tiny country, until recently among the poorest places in earth, establishing a development fund in the year of its political independence. While welcoming its new-found prosperity it was declaring a willingness to share its future wealth with its Arab neighbors"." * 
-Robert McNamara, President of the World Bank (1968-1981)
Kuwait Fund is currently located in al-Murgab, Kuwait City, in two beautifully maintained office buildings, for administration and operations, respectively. Managed as a semi-independent arm of the Kuwaiti government, the Fund maintains sovereignty over its operations, notwithstanding governmental oversight. Originally, the Prime Minister of Kuwait chaired the Fund’s Board of Directors. However, in 2003, an amendment to the law was passed, conferring control of Kuwait Fund to the Minister of Foreign Affairs.
In July 1974, the scope of the Fund’s activity was extended to the rest of the developing world (from its original mandate of solely helping countries in the Arab World) and its capital increased from KWD 200 million to KWD 1000 million.
In March 1981, Kuwait Fund’s capital was again increased, this time doubled to KWD 2000 million, with its range enlarged to include participation in the capital and resources of development institutions and in the equity capital of certain corporate entities.
The Kuwait Fund remained operational during the 1990 Iraqi Invasion of Kuwait, and was instrumental in swaying global opinion to Kuwait's side. While the headquarters were completely ransacked, the Fund regained its operational momentum shortly after the liberation of Kuwait.
Through the Kuwait Fund, Kuwait maintains a higher foreign assistance ratio (as a percentage of the GNP) than do other rich capital surplus countries. Kuwait easily achieves and surpasses the target 0.7% of GNP that the United Nations specifies for development assistance. The State of Kuwait also maintains its support and contributions to the resources of other international development institutions, such as the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development, the African Development Bank, the International Fund for Agricultural Development, and the International Development Association through the Kuwait Fund.
Under a new law, the Kuwait Fund is obligated to transfer up to 25% of its net annual income to the Public Authority for Housing Assistance, as a contribution of its resources.
Since 2004, the Kuwait Fund has launched the semi-annual Training Program for newly graduated Kuwaiti engineers and architects. Costing about KWD 1 million per year, the program seeks to train about 40 engineers and architects a year, by providing in-house training courses, a six-month apprenticeship in an international company abroad, and a local internship in Kuwait. The purpose of the program, as stated by the current Minister of Foreign Affairs Sheikh Mohammad Al-Sabah Al-Salem Al-Sabah, is to train and prepare Kuwaiti engineers and architects for work in the vastly expanding Kuwaiti private sector. A similar program is being held for business students at the Kuwait Investment Authority.
Since its inception, the Kuwait Fund has given a total of 719 loans, to 101 beneficiary countries, totaling KWD 3,857.79 million. 200 Grants & technical assistance packages have been distributed to 88 countries and institutions, totaling KWD 98.54 million.

</doc>
<doc id="14377147" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14377147" title="24/7 Customer">
24/7 Customer

[24]7 (full company name 24/7 Customer, Inc.) is a customer experience software and services company headquartered in Campbell, California.
[24]7 was founded in April 2000 by P.V. Kannan and Shanmugam Nagarajan. Kannan previously founded Business Evolution, a software company, which was acquired by Kana Software in 1999. The company is headquartered in Campbell, California. Other offices are located in Toronto, London and Sydney. [24]7 has customers in the financial .
In 2003, [24]7 was privately funded in part by Michael Moritz and his venture capital firm Sequoia Capital. The total venture funding was estimated at about $22 million. The company was profitable by the end of 2003.
In February 2012 a deal was announced in which [24]7 and Microsoft would combine technologies for natural user interfaces (NUIs) and data analytics at cloud scale. Microsoft made an equity investment and transferred about 400 employees of the former Tellme Networks to [24]7. At the same time, [24]7 acquired the call center automation developer Voxify, which had been based in Alameda, California, and was funded by investors such as Intel. In 2012 the company rebranded its business, adopting a new logo dropping the word "Customer" and putting square brackets around the "24". In January 2013 it announced it would market some internally developed software products for combining chat with analytics.
In May 2013 the company announced the acquisition of social commerce firm "Shopalize" for an undisclosed amount of money. [24]7 was also listed on Forbes list of America's Most Promising Companies in 2013.
In November 2014, [24]7 acquired "IntelliResponse", a provider of digital self-service technology including virtual agent solutions.
In August 2015, [24]7 acquired "Campanja", a leading Search Engine bidding platform with offices in Stockholm, London, Palo Alto, Chicago and New York, adding realtime marketing capability to the [24]7 offering.
In July 2015, the company announced it had become the world's largest provider of chat agents, with more than 5,000 dedicated chat agents operating in its contact centers.
In April 2016 the company acquired the 2012 founded "EngageClick", providing a content personlization solution, for an undisclosed amount. 
The current product offering is developing sales and service-oriented software that encompasses big data, predictive analytics, virtual agents and real-time decisioning. It integrates different channels of communication, including web chat, mobile devices and interactive voice response, which incorporates the company's proprietary natural language technology. The company operates contact centers that outsource voice and chat agent services, for sales and support. Its largest customers are in telecommunications, financial services, retail, insurance, and travel industries. Its early offerings were contact center services with voice contact center agents. Contact centers were originally located in Bangalore and Hyderabad, India, and in the Philippines, but by 2007 (with about 7,000 total employees) expanded to Guatemala, Nicaragua, and Colombia to support Spanish-language customers.

</doc>
<doc id="14377577" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14377577" title="4J Studios">
4J Studios

4J Studios is a Scottish video game development studio based in Dundee and East Linton. The company has worked with a wide range of publishers including ZeniMax Media, Mojang, and Microsoft Studios. The staff include many former key personnel from defunct studio VIS Entertainment.
4J Studios also helped develop "Minecraft". 
Since 2010, 4J Studios have been working on the console editions of "Minecraft" with Microsoft, Sony, Nintendo and Mojang. They have received many awards for these ports.
In 2012, 4J Studios was awarded a Golden Joystick Award for the "Best Selling Game", and a TIGA Games Industry Award for the "Best Arcade Game" for their XBLA port of "Minecraft". Their console port of "Minecraft" is also available for Xbox One, PS3, PS4, PS Vita, and Wii U.
Ports and remakes

</doc>
<doc id="14380666" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14380666" title="Witte Automotive">
Witte Automotive

Witte Automotive develops and produces locking-, handle- and hinge systems for car doors, hatches and seats.
Headquartered in Germany, Witte Automotive (former known as Witte-Velbert GmbH & Co. KG) is the European part of the Vast Alliance, the global automotive supplier alliance for vehicle access products. The privately held company was founded in 1899 by Ewald Witte. After world war II, Witte Automotive began manufacturing door brackets for the motorcar industry.
In addition to the headquarters Witte Automotive with Sales, R & D and Assembly in Velbert, Germany, Witte-Nejdek in Nejdek, Czech Republic, is also a main part of Witte Automotive. Founded in 1992, this facility developed into a strong partner for assembling as well as for development know-how.
The picture of Witte Automotive is completed the following companies, which contribute their expertise to the Witte-products:

</doc>
<doc id="14380813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14380813" title="Velti">
Velti

Velti is a mobile marketing company offering its solutions to major mobile operators and brands. The company was founded in 2001, went public in London in 2006 and NASDAQ in 2011. In 2013 Blackstone, one of the largest private equity groups with more than $300 billion under management acquired the assets of Velti and the company was taken private.
Velti was founded in 2001 by Alex Moukas and Chris Kaskavelis as a software and ASP provider serving the telecommunications industry. The same year, Nicholas Negroponte, then the laboratory chairman of Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Media Lab, joined the company as a non-executive director. In 2002, Velti gained Vodafone as a customer. By the end of that year, the company had reached 35 employees.
After a 2006 initial public offering on the London Stock Exchange's AIM Market, Velti further expanded its U.S. operations with the opening of an office in New York. A San Francisco office was created the following year. Velti was one of the 10-best performing IPOs in London Stock Exchange's AIM in 2007 
Beginning in 2007, Velti entered into a series of joint ventures and partnerships with the Interpublic Group to create Ansible, a mobile marketing joint venture.
In 2008, Velti opened a new office in Beijing and made an investment in CASEE. In India, Velti partnered with HT Media Limited, India’s second-largest media group, on a mobile marketing joint venture called HT Mobile Solutions. 2008 also saw the opening of a new Velti office in Moscow.
In 2009, Velti announced the acquisition of Ad Infuse, a provider of personalized mobile advertising in the U.S. increasing the company’s headcount to more than 400, including more than 200 technology staff.
In 2010, the company announced the acquisition of Mobclix. A second 2010 acquisition added Media Cannon, a developer of mobile advertising tools and technology. By the end of 2010, Velti had grown to more than 500 employees in 30 countries.
In January, 2011, Velti completed an initial public offering of 12 million common stock shares on NASDAQ under the trading symbol VELT. The IPO raised approximately $150 million, according to ROAMdata (Boston-based subsidiary of Ingenico).
Velti demonstrated a dramatic revenue growth following its London and NASDAQ listings. Its revenues grew from $90m in 2009 to $116m in 2010 to $189m in 2011 to $270m in 2012.
In late summer 2013, Velti was forced to write down nearly $111 million of AR due to the crisis in Greece and Cyprus, reducing its headcount by almost 20% and placing Mobclix on the chopping block to raise spare cash. These actions led to a severe stock drop.
On November 4, 2013, Velti sold its assets to GSO, the credit division of Blackstone. The US subsidiary asset sale was done under chapter 11, while the all subsidiary (including the US) and the parent company continued normal operations.
On December 16, 2013, Velti voluntarily de-listed from the Nasdaq market in order to complete the sale of assets to Blackstone: "The voluntary decision to delist from NASDAQ was taken following the Company's review of several factors, including its previously disclosed noncompliance with the minimum bid price requirements of NASDAQ.." Velti shares are now traded on the OTC market.
Velti currently operates in 10 countries, is profitable and its main customers include Vodafone, T-Mobile, Orange, Movistar, Airtel, Pepsico, MBC and Nestle. Velti does not provide financial statements since 2013.

</doc>
<doc id="14383401" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14383401" title="Louis Delhaize Group">
Louis Delhaize Group

The Louis Delhaize Group is a Belgian retail group established in 1875 by Louis Delhaize. The principal activity is the operation of food supermarkets and hypermarkets in Belgium, France, Luxembourg and Romania.

</doc>
<doc id="14388058" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14388058" title="DtSearch">
DtSearch

dtSearch Corp. is a software company which specializes in text retrieval software. It was founded in 1991, and is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland. Its current range of software includes products for enterprise desktop search, Intranet/Internet spidering and search, and search engines for developers (SDK) to integrate into other software applications.
dtSearch Corp was founded by David Thede; the company started research and development in text retrieval in 1988 and incorporated in Virginia in 1991 as D T Software. Marketing of dtSearch 1.0 a DOS Text Retrieval software product began in the first quarter of 1991. Initially it was distributed as Association of Shareware Professionals-approved shareware. The product was featured in an article entitled "Text Retrieval Software" in an early edition of "PC Magazine" as a shareware alternative to the commercial products reviewed; these included ISYS, ZyIndex, Strix, askSam, ideaList, Assassin PC, Folio Views and Lotus SmartText.
In the first few years after its initial release, dtSearch was an end-user application only. Then, in 1994, Symantec approached dtSearch about including its search technology into one of the first applications for 32-bit Windows; the dtSearch end-user application was developed into a Dynamic-link library (DLL) which Symantec embedded in Norton Navigator, which was released alongside Microsoft’s initial release of its 32-bit Windows operating system, Windows 95.
In 2007 the company was listed in the EContent 100 list, a list of companies that matter most in the digital content industry.
The current (v 7.7) product range is Unicode-based and has an index that can handle over 1 TB of data per index.

</doc>
<doc id="14391559" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14391559" title="Amato's">
Amato's

Amato's Sandwich Shops, Inc., is a chain of Italian restaurants that serves sandwiches, pizza and pasta throughout northern New England, United States. Founded in 1902 by Giovanni Amato, Amato's currently operates 44 stores. Recent expansion has been in the form of franchising, most notably in Irving Oil/Circle K locations in Maine and New Hampshire and Maplefields locations in Vermont and northeastern New York. The company also cans its spaghetti and pizza sauces for sale in Hannaford supermarkets.
Headquartered in Portland, Amato's operates over 40 locations. About half of these are located throughout their home state of Maine. The chain also has a strong presence in Vermont (mostly within Maplefields convenience stores), and there are a handful of other locations within New Hampshire and the Adirondack region of New York.
Amato's is best known for its Italian sandwich, called "the Real Italian," which it claims to have invented in 1902.
In 1902, Giovanni Amato and his wife opened a store on India Street in Portland, Maine. According to official literature, Amato's sandwiches contained ham, American cheese, and fresh vegetables, which the Italian immigrants along the waterfront seemed to enjoy. Amato named his sandwich the "Italian" in honor of his country and his people (not, as is widely believed, because of its ingredients).
In 1972, Dominic Reali, an employee at the original Amato's on India Street, purchased the store from his boss. Under Reali, the company increased from one store to twelve, and began franchising. Reali also added Greek olives, sour pickles, and his own oil (a blend of olive and vegetable oil) to the famous Real Italian.
In recent years, Amato's has allowed several franchises to operate under the name Amato's Xpress. These locations, found mostly in Irving Oil/Circle K convenience stores, sell Amato's pizza, pasta, salads, and sandwiches, but fewer specialty items. The Irving locations also have unique monthly specials while the others do not. Amato's franchises in Vermont-based Maplefield's gas stations do not use the Amato's Xpress name.
Nearly all Amato's stores have dropped the Xpress moniker as of 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="14393104" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14393104" title="Fortissimo Films">
Fortissimo Films

Fortissimo Films was an international film, television and video sales organization specializing in the production, presentation, promotion and distribution of feature films, founded in 1991. With offices in Amsterdam, Hong Kong, London and Beijing, the company claimed to have a global presence and reach.
Fortissimo Films’ library included feature films, feature-length documentaries, animated films, and short subjects. The company represented over 300 films from every corner of the globe. These included features by Wong Kar Wai (2046, "Chungking Express", "In The Mood For Love"); Martin Scorsese ("Shine a Light"); John Cameron Mitchell ("Shortbus"); Jim Jarmusch ("Coffee And Cigarettes", "Mystery Train"); Iwai Shunji ("Love Letter", "Hana & Alice"); Pen-ek Ratanaruang ("6ixtynin9", "Nymph"); Tsai Ming-Liang ("I Don’t Want to Sleep Alone", "What Time is it There"?); Diao Yinan ("Black Coal, Thin Ice"), and Tian Zhuangzhuang ("The Blue Kite", "Springtime in a Small Town").
Fortissimo's documentaries included Morgan Spurlock’s "Super Size Me"; Andrew Jarecki’s "Capturing the Friedmans"; Sydney Pollack’s "Sketches of Frank Gehry"; Julian Schnabel’s "Berlin"; Tamra Davis’s "Jean-Michel Basquiat: The Radiant Child"; and Kevin Macdonald's "Marley".
Additionally, the catalogue featured a range of works by directors comprising Gregg Araki, Sergei Bodrov, Fruit Chan, Peter Greenaway, Hou Hsiao-Hsien, Kore-eda Hirokazu, Kurosawa Kiyoshi, Richard Linklater, Mira Nair, the Pang Brothers, Park Chanwook, Paul Schrader, Todd Solondz, Béla Tarr, Tsui Hark, Wang Xiaoshuai, Zhang Yang, Zhang Yuan and many other acclaimed filmmakers.
Fortissimo also managed existing libraries on behalf of independent producers and directors, such as Wong Kar Wai’s Jet Tone, Killer Films, Hart Sharp Entertainment and directors Jim Jarmusch, Hal Hartley and Alex van Warmerdam.
Approximately 15 films per year were added to the lineup. Upcoming titles included "Driving Back from Dubbo" by Sue Brooks, "Schneider vs. Bax" by Alex van Warmerdam, "Djinn" by Tobe Hooper, "Sunset Song" by Terence Davies, "The Time of Their Lives" by Roger Goldby, and "How to Talk to Girls at Parties" by John Cameron Mitchell.
On August 17, 2016, after more than 20 years in international distribution, the company filled for bankruptcy in the Netherlands.
Los Angeles-born Michael J. Werner is a long-time veteran of the movie sales business, with nearly 30 years experience in international film sales and consulting, specialising in the Asia-Pacific region. He joined Fortissimo Film Sales as an external consultant in 1995 and in 2000 became a partner in the company.
Werner had a prior focus on big commercial films, handling such titles as "Die Hard 3", "Talk Radio" and "Evita". As a media consultant his clients included 20th Century Fox International, IBM, Polygram and The Sunshine Group/CineAsia.
As Fortissimo has ventured more into the world of film financing and production, Werner has served as executive producer or co-producer on a number of high-profile independent films, including "Shortbus", "P.S.", "The Night Listener", "Mysterious Skin", "Tokyo Sonata", "Invisible Waves", "Springtime in a Small Town" and "Disgrace".
With Fortissimo co-chair Wouter Barendrecht, in 2005 Werner was awarded a Silver Hugo for his contribution to world cinema by the Chicago Film Festival, and in 2006 they were jointly awarded a Golden Kinnaree for their contribution to Asian cinema by the Bangkok Film Festival.
He has lived in Hong Kong since 1995. In 2006 he became member of The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (Executive Branch).

</doc>
<doc id="14393232" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14393232" title="OneTaste">
OneTaste

OneTaste is a business dedicated to researching and teaching the practices of "orgasmic meditation" and "slow sex". Though it embraces certain tenets based in Eastern philosophy, OneTaste's central focus is female orgasm and sexuality, especially in a practice called Orgasmic Meditation.
OneTaste was cofounded in San Francisco by Robert Kandell and Nicole Daedone in 2001. OneTaste originally operated two communal-style "urban retreat" centers, one in San Francisco’s Soma District and the other on Manhattan’s Lower East Side, but has expanded to include Los Angeles, London, Melbourne, and six other U.S. cities. The organization's stated goal is "to create a clean, well-lit place where sexuality, relationship, and intimacy could be discussed openly and honestly." OneTaste produces media, workshops, weekend retreats, and a coach training program.
OneTaste has drawn international media attention and controversy; several journalists have compared OneTaste to a cult while others have noted a push of orgasmic meditation into the mainstream. Reflecting this push into the mainstream, some journalists have called Orgasmic Meditation a new craze, while online estimates say OneTaste teaches 500 people each month in its "How to" classes. In 2014 OneTaste received Inc. 5000 Honors for Top Health companies.
Orgasmic meditation or "OMing" is a term coined by Nicole Daedone and Robert Kandell to signify a mindfulness practice in which the object of meditation is finger to genital contact. OMing is practiced in pairs, with one practitioner stroking the genitals of the other, and both focusing their attention on the sensation with the stated goal of developing connective resonance between them. Although the practitioners can be of either sex, the focus of orgasmic meditation seems to be on the female orgasm through subtle and deliberate stimulation of the clitoris. Both partners, however, are said to share in the sensation and fulfillment via a kind of "pleasure by proxy." Proponents state that orgasmic meditation encompasses more than just orgasm and that it encourages greater emotional awareness, connected relationships, and sense of fulfillment. Others describe the sensation as "a heady buzz, mixed with equal parts wooziness and intensity of focus."
In press accounts, orgasmic meditation has been compared to tantric practices. "The idea, similar to Buddhist Tantric sex, is to extend the sensory peak." Daedone has stated in interviews that OMing also borrows from other traditions including yoga, and other forms of meditation, and she describes it as a central element of what she terms the "Slow Sex Movement". She states that OMing brings consciousness to sexuality in the same way that sitting meditation brings consciousness to stillness and yoga brings consciousness to movement. Proponents maintain that the practice leads to more intense and profound orgasms, expands one's capacity to feel pleasure and other sensations, and promotes greater personal awareness and interpersonal connectivity. Others describe more limited effects, such as simply "getting in touch with one's body." Some who have participated in or witnessed the practice report feeling a sense of discomfort or inappropriateness. "I tried with great futility to make the connection between an austere Zen monastery filled with silent monks meditating on emptiness, and what I had just seen."
The practice of orgasmic meditation is done with a partner. A woman lies down, unclothed from the waist down, while her fully clothed partner sits alongside. The one sitting uses his or her index finger to slowly, deliberately stroke the clitoris of the other. Typically this safe sex practice involves the wearing of gloves. The session is timed and lasts for exactly 15 minutes. Both partners are directed to focus their attention on the point of contact, or "stroke." Practitioners of orgasmic meditation claim that the practice nourishes the limbic system, the part of the brain shared with other mammals and associated with emotion, empathy, and motivation. When the OMing session is over, both partners share their experiences verbally.
Daedone states that the so-called "resonance" between two partners is essential to the experience of shared sensation. OM is usually practiced separately from sex and often in a location other than the bedroom; as distinct from foreplay, Daedone describes it as a practice "designed to keep a woman on a plateau of sensation." A visiting UK columnist surmised that "OM is a form of recalibration that prepares the body for better, more intense sex."
"The New York Times" portrays Daedone as leading a self-described "slow sex movement, one that places a near-exclusive emphasis on women’s pleasure — in which love, romance and even flirtation are not required." Daedone draws parallels between slow sex and the Slow Food movement associated with chef Alice Waters. With sex as with food, she says, people can overindulge without getting nourishment, or go from one extreme of consuming mindlessly to the other extreme of self-denial.
In an interview with San Francisco's "7x7" magazine, Daedone states that slow sex encompasses orgasmic meditation and mindful sexuality generally. She says that slow sex is not defined by speed or the amount of time spent, but rather these three ingredients: 1) developing attention to what's actually present rather than fixating on a goal, 2) simplicity, a stripping away of extraneous elements down to the level of pure sensation 3) cultivating desire by learning to acknowledge and articulate it.
In 2011, Daedone published "Slow Sex: The Art and Craft of the Female Orgasm", described as elevating "the female orgasm to a level of religious and spiritual practice." A review in "Salon.com" explores whether these ideas and practices will appeal only to "alternative circles" or to a larger mainstream audience. "Salon" notes the demand for "female Viagra," with an estimated market of $2 billion US, and numerous studies that document women's dissatisfaction with sex and low frequency of orgasm. The review concludes "Daedone's philosophy is a refreshing counterpoint to the porny mainstream, but it's certainly hard to picture Middle America embracing orgasmic meditation."
In "The Four Hour Body", a New York Times Best Seller described as "a lab report on more than a decade of diet, exercise, and sexual trials that Tim Ferriss carried out on himself," two chapters are devoted to "The 15 Minute Female Orgasm" in which Ferriss describes his quest to learn to facilitate the experience of orgasm in any woman.
In March 2009, "The New York Times" featured OneTaste on the front page of its "Style" section. The article describes the organization as "the latest stop on this sexual underground, weaving together strands of radical individual freedom, Eastern spirituality and feminism." An Indiana University sociology professor who has studied San Francisco’s sexual subcultures, Elizabeth A. Armstrong, is quoted as saying “The notion of a San Francisco sex commune focused on female orgasm is part of a long and rich history of women being public and empowered about their sexuality.”
The article also notes, "as with many a commune before it, the leader of One Taste, Ms. Daedone, is a polarizing personality, whom admirers venerate as a sex diva, although some former members say she has cult like powers over her followers... Much of the community’s tone revolves around Ms. Daedone, a woman of considerable charm, although detractors regard her as a master manipulator." In the "New York Times" interview, Ms. Daedone insists she does not aspire to guru status, while acknowledging that "there’s a high potential for this to be a cult."
The "New York Times" article led to several blog and opinion columns. "Salon.com" ran an essay that referenced the "Times" piece and discussed the merits of women joining a community dedicated to female orgasm, concluding that "within a mainstream sexual culture defined almost exclusively by dudely desires" that it might be healthy.
A number of press accounts have since offered different perspectives on the organization including a 2013 Gawker article, also referencing online cult accusations, which documented the reporter's experience at a weekend conference hosted by OneTaste. An article in "GoodTimes Weekly", 'The Big OM', refers to "cult allegations" by posters on Yelp.com. According to the article, OneTaste staff members responded to these allegations by stating that "OM is intended for emotional, spiritual, psychological, physical adults", and that OneTaste makes no claim to be a spiritual organization.
Reflecting this push into the mainstream, some articles have called Orgasmic Meditation a new craze. OneTaste teaches 500 people each month in its "How to" classes and received 2014 Inc. 5000 Honors for Top Health companies.

</doc>
<doc id="14393635" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14393635" title="R Family Vacations">
R Family Vacations

R Family Vacations is a LGBT vacation entertainment company that provides luxury cruise ship trips with a focus on inclusive activities for children and services including same-sex marriage ceremonies.
In 2003, Rosie O'Donnell and her then partner Kelli Carpenter-O'Donnell partnered with travel entrepreneur Gregg Kaminsky to launch R Family Vacations catering to both gays and lesbians, "the very first all gay and lesbian family vacation packages" where "gays and lesbians can bring their kids, their friends, and their parents." O'Donnell is not involved on a day-to-day basis, but provides marketing and promotional advice. She came up with the idea for the company when she filled in as a last-minute replacement headliner on a gay cruise being promoted by Kaminsky.Kaminsky's partner is a business partner of O'Donnell's.
On July 11, 2004, the first cruise was held aboard Norwegian Cruise Lines's "Norwegian Dawn" with 1600 passengers including 600 children. By the third year, the cruise was selling out to a maximum capacity of 2,600 passengers. In addition to traditional entertainment and recreational activities, the company partnered with Provincetown’s Family Pride, a 25-year-old Washington, D.C.-based organization that advocates for GLBT families, to host discussions on "adoption, insemination, surrogacy, and everything else that would be helpful to gay parenting. Metropolitan Community Church, the predominantly GLBT Christian denomination, had clergy on board to perform wedding ceremonies and conduct interfaith services and there was also discussion groups for kids and a panel discussion where teens could share their experiences of growing up with gay and lesbian parents.
In 2007, the company considered making Bermuda one of its stops. Recalling a 2004 incident between Norwegian Cruise Lines' all gay cruises and Christian "protesters chanting anti-gay slogans" in Nassau, Bahamas, Kaminsky claimed that Bermuda, which he incorrectly believed had tourism as its main industry, would face economic repercussions if a similar event occurred in the British overseas territory, which has long held a reputation for being anti-gay and only the year before the local legislature refused to even consider outlawing sexuality-based discrimination. While the trip was supported by Premier and Minister of Tourism and Transportation Dr. Ewart Brown, it was opposed by one of his close political allies, Andre Curtis, the organiser of a controversial "Faith-Based Tourism" initiative, who organised some eighty churches into an interfaith group called "United by Faith" to oppose the planned visit alongside local African Methodist Episcopal churches. R Families decided to change the itinerary to replace Bermuda with two stops in Florida and a private island. Kaminsky stated Ironically, Bermuda has actually been the host of gay tourism for many years. The LGBT travel company Pied Piper, for example, has been organising trips — albeit on a smaller scale — to the country since 1990, without incident.
In January 2008, Pink Pea, a production company, announced that "Dottie", "the star of "Dottie's Magic Pockets" — the first children's program for kids in gay and lesbian families" will be part of the entertainment. "Dottie's Magic Pockets" is "set in a lesbian household" and started airing in September 2007. "Dottie", portrayed by actor Jen Plante, will appear on the cruise to the Mexican Riviera, March 15–22, 2008 and marks the first time the LGBT families and friends will be "entertained by the main character of a kids' show that is set in a lesbian household". Also in 2008 a cruise to Canada and New England took place from July 13–20 with "gay-friendly" stops including Provincetown, Halifax and Bar Harbor.
A documentary film about the trip looked inside the lives of some of the 500 families that cruised from New York to the Bahamas. The documentary, "All Aboard: Rosie's Family Cruise", debuted 6 April 2006 on HBO and is now available on DVD. The film was nominated for three Emmy Awards. Of the experience O'Donnell stated "We didn’t really realize the magic that was going to take place. People who had never met another gay family met other families and it was powerful."

</doc>
<doc id="14395346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14395346" title="Liepājas tramvajs">
Liepājas tramvajs

Liepājas tramvajs is a municipal company that operates a single tram line in Liepāja, Latvia. As of 2012 the company owns 16 Tatra KT4 trams, of which only seven are simultaneously used for passenger transportation.
The first electric tram line in the Baltic states was founded in Liepāja, September 26, 1899. The first nine trams used by the company were made by Herbrand (based in Köln, Germany). The first tram line was built to Karosta.
In 1903 the company ordered six new trams from Herbrand. The new trams received numbers 10 to 16.
Two-way tram line has been built at Liela street in the city center.
After World War II the old Herbrand trams has been placed to new self-made frames. 18 March 1941 for the first time since 1899 the woman (Anna Cekuse) has become the conductor. The company starts to use tree-digit numbering, precessing tram number with 1. In 1949-1956 few trams has been built in Liepāja using the details from Kaliningrad and self-made frames.
In 1957 Liepājas tramvajs has received 8 Gotha T57 trams with numbers 125-132.
Liepāja has received 10 new trams Gotha Т59Е with the numbers 139-148 in 1961. In 1962 has been bought 8 new Tatra T2-62 with numbers 149-156.
In 1974 Liepājas tramvajs has transported 12 millions passengers per year.
New tram-stops with add stands has been built in Liepāja by EuroAWK
In Liepāja widely discussed plans to extend the tram line to the Ezerkrasts district, but the final decision has still not been made.
The company starts to offer new service — payments for the tram tickets by mean of SMS. This service was developed in cooperation with Riga company Citycredit.

</doc>
<doc id="14399654" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14399654" title="Curzon Artificial Eye">
Curzon Artificial Eye

Curzon Artificial Eye is a British film distributor, specialising in independent, foreign-language and art house films for cinema and home entertainment.
The company was founded in 1976 by Andi Engel (11 November 1942 – 26 December 2006), a German-born film enthusiast, and his then wife, Pamela Balfry, who had a background working with Richard Roud at the London Film Festival. She became Artificial Eye's first managing director.
Since 2006, Artficial Eye has been part of Curzon World, a group of companies in the film entertainment industry which also includes the Curzon chain of 11 cinemas plus eight joint venture cinemas, video on demand service Curzon Home Cinema, the retail DVD distributor Fusion Media Sales, and horror film distributor Chelsea Films (launched in 2010).
Curzon Artificial Eye releases some 20 new theatrical films and 30 DVD and Blu-ray titles in the UK each year, as well as digital releases via several platforms, such as iTunes and in-house Curzon Home Cinema.

</doc>
<doc id="14400917" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14400917" title="Good Hair Day">
Good Hair Day

Good Hair Day, commonly known as ghd, is a manufacturer of hair care products based in Leeds, UK. ghd leads the market for hair straightening irons and is sold in over 50,000 salons worldwide. The company was the first hair tool sponsor of the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show, and is endorsed by celebrities including Victoria Beckham, Madonna, Gwyneth Paltrow, and Jennifer Aniston.
Martin Penny, Gary Douglas, and Robert Powls founded ghd in 2001. The three collaborated to buy the rights to a hair straightening iron from a South Korean inventor. The brand quickly took off organically, and the company did not even begin advertising until two years after its launch. By then, hair salons and word of mouth carried ghd to £12 million, against a forecast of between £3 million and £4 million.
In 2004, ghd entered the North American market, bringing its total worldwide sales generating £37 million in revenue. The Jemella Group, which owned the ghd brand, was bought by Lloyds Development Capital for £55 million in 2006. It was sold 11 months later to Montagu Private Equity for £160 million. Lion Capital, a British private equity firm, purchased ghd in 2013 for approximately £300 million.
By 2013, the company had sales of over £150 million, more than doubling since 2007, selling over two million styling irons through 50,000 salons worldwide.
In October 2016, Coty announced that it would be buying ghd for about £420 million from the private equity firm Lion Capital LLP. The sale was completed on 21 November 2016.
2011 - ghd V Gold Series Styler was launched. Available in three sizes (mini, classic & max) 
2012 - ghd Air Professional Hairdryer was launched. 
In March 2013, ghd launched the "Eclipse" hair straightener, which uses six sensors in the plates to maintain a constant heat of 185 degrees celsius, a temperature ghd claims is the optimum temperature for styling results. The consistent temperature reduces the time to style hair, particularly coarse hair that may previously taken multiple run throughs. The "Daily Mail" called the Eclipse "The Rolls-Royce of irons".
2014 - ghd Aura Hairdryer and Curve was launched. 
2015 - ghd Platinum Styler was launched. 
ghd launched its first advertising campaign in 2003, as the sponsor of the British reality TV show "The Salon". The company has also featured prominently on "Australia’s Next Top Model".
In 2009, ghd ran a popular series of advertisements titled ‘Twisted Fairytales', including depictions of characters such as Rapunzel, Red Riding Hood, and Cinderella with the tagline "You can do anything with your hair".
Singer Katy Perry was named the face of ghd in 2011. In October 2011, ghd launched the "Scarlet Collection" with Perry as the face of the campaign, and photos shot by renowned photographer David LaChapelle.
ghd has partnered with Victoria's Secret for a multi-year sponsorship of its annual fashion show. The company is the first ever hair tool sponsor for a Victoria's Secret fashion show.
The brand has attracted endorsements from celebrities, with Victoria Beckham, Madonna, Gwyneth Paltrow, Katy Perry, and Jennifer Aniston being prominent users of ghd products.
Since 2004, ghd has raised approximately £2.5 million for the Breakthrough Breast Cancer charity. The company produces a limited edition pink hair iron every year, with £10 of the sale price being donated in support the charity. In 2010, ghd partnered with charity "Mom It Forward" and SafeHouse Denver, a women’s shelter that serves victims of domestic violence and their children, in an event at Sephora.

</doc>
<doc id="14405608" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14405608" title="GraceKennedy">
GraceKennedy

GraceKennedy Limited is one of the Caribbean's largest conglomerates, with several diversified companies in the Caribbean, Europe and North America.
The group includes:
One of the company's founders (Dr. John J. Grace) had worked for Grace Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of New York's W. R. Grace and Company. When, in 1922, W.R.Grace decided to divest the Jamaican subsidiary, Dr. Grace bought the company and, along with Fred Kennedy, a Jamaican, co-founded Grace, Kennedy and Company Limited. The company which first operated as a small trading establishment, soon acquired wharfing facilities in order to facilitate its imports.
It has expanded and diversified over the years, changing from a privately owned enterprise to a public company listed on the stock exchanges of Jamaica, Trinidad, Barbados and the Eastern Caribbean.
Today, the GraceKennedy Group comprises a varied network of some 60 subsidiaries and associated companies located across the Caribbean and in North and Central America and the United Kingdom. Their operations span the food distribution, financial, insurance, remittance, hardware retailing and food-processing industries.
In 1995, GraceKennedy developed its 2020 Vision, the objective being to transform from a Jamaican trading company to a global consumer group by the year 2020. At the end of 2006 its market value stood at 
J$21 billion, up from $1.29 billion in 1995 - an increase of 1500%.

</doc>
<doc id="14406257" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14406257" title="LUNA Bar">
LUNA Bar

LUNA Bars are a brand of nutrition bar created by Clif Bar & Company in 1999. The product was the first nutrition bar aimed at women. The brand has expanded to cover nutritional drinks, protein bars, and LUNAFEST, a woman's film festival.
LUNA was created in 1999 by Clif Bar & Company’s female employees. The bars are designed to meet the nutritional needs of women.
One of Clif Bar & Company's five company bottom lines is “Sustaining Our Community.” With this in mind, LUNA donates 1% of all product sales to charities that support environmental, social, and cultural needs, mainly to their primary charity, The Breast Cancer Fund.
In 2000, LUNA established LUNAFEST, a philanthropic traveling film festival with films written and directed by women. Individuals and organizations can register to host a LUNAFEST in their city, with LUNA providing the films and the materials. Through this fundraising model, the hosting organization can raise funds for the Breast Cancer Fund and the cause or organization of their choice (with 15% of LUNAFEST proceeds supporting the Breast Cancer Fund and the remaining 85% of funds supporting the nonprofit organization chosen by the host). Since 2000, LUNAFEST has raised over $456,000 for the Breast Cancer Fund and $785,000 for other women’s organizations. In the 2010-2011 season, LUNAFEST will travel to more than 150 communities across the country.
In 2001, Clif Bar co-owners and co-CEOs Gary Erickson and Kit Crawford launched the LUNA Pro Team, a women’s professional mountain biking team. In 2002, they expanded the program to include Team LUNA Chix, a network of women's teams across the country that focus on learning new sports, staying active, and raising money for the Breast Cancer Fund. Although initially focused on mountain biking, the LUNA Pro Team and Team LUNA Chix now also include running, triathlon and cycling teams. There are over 26 LUNA Chix teams in over 21 cities, with a total 260 members. They were featured in Fitness Magazine as one of fifteen organizations promoting the fight against breast cancer.
Various LUNA products has been profiled in "Self", "The New York Times", "Glamour", "Fitness", "US Weekly", and received endorsements from Carrie Underwood and Cameron Diaz. It was voted the favorite energy bar by FitSugar readers.
Incomplete list of Luna Bar types:

</doc>
<doc id="14408129" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14408129" title="Petrofac">
Petrofac

Petrofac is a provider of oilfield services to the international oil and gas industry. It is registered in Jersey (number 81792), with its main corporate office on Jermyn Street, London. It has operational centres in Aberdeen, Sharjah, Woking, Chennai, Mumbai, Delhi, Abu Dhabi, Saudi Arabia and Kuala Lumpur. There are another 24 offices in various countries. It is quoted on the London Stock Exchange, and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.
The company was established as a producer of a modular plant in Tyler, Texas, United States in 1981. It was first listed on the London Stock Exchange in 2005. In 2010, it bought a 20 percent share in the Gateway storage scheme, an undersea cavern for gas storage.
In November 2013, Petrofac and the Italian oil firm Bonatti partnered on a $650 million joint venture contract for Sonatrach, adding to the firm’s already significant presence in Algeria.
In November 2014, the company issued a profit warning, saying that profit for 2015 will fall by 25%, as slowing demand in China and abundant US output cuts the oil price.
Petrofac:
Petrofac is organised into two business units:

</doc>
<doc id="14410555" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14410555" title="Maske Gruppen">
Maske Gruppen

Maske Gruppen is a Norwegian wholesaler that distributes office supplies and healthcare products throughout the country. Based in Trondheim, it was created in 2006 after the merger between Julius Maske and S-Gruppen, with a heritage dating back to 1858. The company is owned by the Maske family.
The company has facilities in thirteen Norwegian cities, with main warehouses at Lade in Trondheim and Vinterbro in Oslo and smaller warehouses in Sandane and Tromsø. The company operates Maske Marked stores in Bergen, Bodø, Dokka, Fredrikstad, Molde, Namsos, Sandefjord, Stavanger, Trondheim and Ålesund.

</doc>
<doc id="14413576" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14413576" title="Cody's Books">
Cody's Books

Cody's Books (19562008) was an independent bookstore based in Berkeley, California. It "was a pioneer in bookselling, bringing the paperback revolution to Berkeley, fighting censorship, and providing a safe harbor from tear gas directed at anti-Vietnam War protesters throughout the 1960s and 1970s."
The first store opened in 1956 on Euclid Avenue in Berkeley, California. It was founded by Fred and Pat Cody. It moved to a larger location on Telegraph Avenue in 1960 and moved to another Telegraph Avenue location in 1965. In 1968, "Cody's served as a first-aid station […] when anti-war protesters were tear gassed and clubbed just outside its Telegraph Avenue doors […] the store's employees were tending the woundedanti-war protesters teargassed and clubbed by the police and the National Guard as protests broke out on Telegraph Avenue." In the early 1970s, Mario Savio worked as a clerk at the Telegraph Avenue store.
In 1977, the Codys sold the store to Andy Ross, who owned it until 2006.
Cody's was best known for its extensive selection of literary, political, and scholarly titles.
On February 28, 1989, unknown persons threw a firebomb through the window of the store. It was thought that this was in response to the prominent display of Salman Rushdie's "The Satanic Verses", which had been banned by a fatwa by Iranian clerics one month prior. An undetonated pipe bomb was subsequently discovered in the store. In response the staff unanimously voted to keep the book on display despite the attack and the increasing willingness of chain bookstores to bow to pressure to withdraw it.
Cody's pioneered a well-regarded author-reading series. Some prominent authors and notables who appeared at Cody's were: Tom Robbins, Norman Mailer, Ken Kesey, Alice Walker, Allen Ginsberg, Maurice Sendak, Bill Clinton, Jimmy Carter, Muhammad Ali, and Salman Rushdie.
In the 1980s, Cody's was a plaintiff in several anti-trust lawsuits charging that independent book sellers were discriminated against in favor of chain stores. Cody's owner, Andy Ross, was a prominent spokesperson supporting independent businesses against chain stores and Internet retailers.
Cody's was a core bookseller among a coterie of independent booksellers, which included Moe's Books, located nearly next door to Cody's, , Shakespeare & Co., Black Oak Books, Diesel, and others, all located in the region from north Berkeley to north Oakland. This region includes the University of California, Berkeley. Together they were members of a significant regional supporter of independent bookselling, The Northern California Independent Bookseller's Association, or NCIBA.
The Telegraph store was the flagship store until it closed in 2006, sparking a controversy in the local press over the cause. One explanation given for the closure was that it was caused by pressure from corporate chains like Borders that have pressured them to move out. As of June 2015 the location was still vacant. The Cody's San Francisco location closed in 2007 for a similar reason. Cody's was sold to Japanese book distributor Yohan, Inc. in September 2006. In March 2008, the last remaining store moved from 4th Street to its final location on Shattuck Avenue due to a rent increase. Financial pressures forced the closure of the store for good on June 20, 2008. The 2008 PBS TV documentary "Paperback Dreams" chronicles the related histories of Kepler's Books in Menlo Park, California and Cody's Books.
Stores:

</doc>
<doc id="14417270" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14417270" title="Norwegian Food Safety Authority">
Norwegian Food Safety Authority

Norwegian Food Safety Authority () is a Norwegian government agency responsible for safe food and drinking water, and works within the fields of human, plant, fish and animal health as well as environmentally friendly production and ethically acceptable farming of animals and fish . Other duties are related to cosmetics, medicines and inspection of animal health personnel.
Main offices are located in Oslo while there are 63 district and eight regional offices. There are also three national competence centers: fish and seafood in Bergen, plants and vegetarian foods in Ås, and animals and carnivore food in Sandnes. The agency was created in 2003 when four government agencies (the States Food Authority, the Fisheries Directories Seafood Control, the States Animal Authority and the Norwegian Agricultural Inspection Service) were merged with 69 municipal food authorities.

</doc>
<doc id="14417410" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14417410" title="Norwegian Agricultural Inspection Service">
Norwegian Agricultural Inspection Service

Norwegian Agricultural Inspection Service () is a defunct Norwegian government agency that was responsible for inspection of farms and agricultural facilities in the country. As of January 1, 2004 it merged with a number of other agencies to create the Norwegian Food Safety Authority.
The agency was created in 1984 when a number of previous independent agencies were merged to create the inspection service. Prior to this each agency had a specialized field for control, including independent agencies for inspection of seeds, plant breeding, plant inspection, toxins, agricultural chemicals, vegetable conservations, margarine and dairy products. None of these had any inter-agency coordination, creating chaos.

</doc>
<doc id="14422163" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14422163" title="Bisnow Media">
Bisnow Media

Bisnow Media, also known as Bisnow, is a multi-platform digital media company that produces news and live events. Founded in 2005, Bisnow Media is owned by private equity firm Wicks Group and has offices in New York and Washington, D.C. with 75 full-time employees. Covering 27 metropolitan markets across the U.S., Canada and the U.K. with a subscriber base of over 600,000, Bisnow is one of the largest producers of commercial real estate news and events. Bisnow also organizes approximately 250 annual events attracting approximately 70,000 attendees. The company's publications have been described as similar to "Business Insider", covering topics such as real estate, technology and businesses with a slight irreverence similar to BuzzFeed.
The company was founded in 2005 by Mark Bisnow, a DC lawyer, business executive, and radio talk show host, who had become known for irreverent "Bisnow on Business" radio spots on the local all-news station and active involvement in local business organizations and philanthropies. Bisnow wanted to take advantage of the new economics and reading habits of the Internet age to provide timelier, lighter, and more personality-focused news fare than traditionally available, and deliver it to niche business audiences. 
Elliot Bisnow, Mark Bisnow's son, helped the company redesign the format of its newsletters and as a result he later became a member of the board. Mark Bisnow was named Chairman when he turned over the CEO position to Ryan Begelman, previously the COO of Bisnow and also co-founder of Summit Series. Will Friend was named CEO of Bisnow in January 2015.
In 2012, Bisnow launched "Escape", a brand of recurring events that gather top commercial real estate owners, developers, and financiers for multi-day retreats.
By the end of 2012, Bisnow generated $11 million in revenue amounting to a 70 percent compounded three-year growth rate. The following year, Bisnow partnered with Peter Linneman, the Wharton School real estate program founder, to launch a video education series. By the end of 2013, the company was operating in 22 markets and producing 31 newsletters. Bisnow has been included on Crain's New York Business' list of the fastest growing companies in New York for 2013 and 2014.
In May 2016, Bisnow Media was acquired by Wicks Group, a private equity firm based in New York, for an estimated $50 million.
Bisnow produces industry-specific e-newsletters highlighting news and information primarily for commercial real estate professionals. The company distributes its e-newsletters to over 600,000 subscribers.
The company also produces business-related events and retreats. These invite-only programs include activities from real estate forums to interpersonal bonding activities such as meditation, martial arts, and jet pack excursions. The events have also featured experts on topics such as the arts, philanthropy, relationships, technology, and futurism. Additionally, Bisnow offers educational videos with Peter Linneman.

</doc>
<doc id="14425063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14425063" title="Noble Roman's">
Noble Roman's

Noble Roman's is a pizza company based in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Noble Roman's was founded at Indiana University in 1972.
During the 2010s, Noble Roman's started to move away from selling pizzas in the traditional sit down and delivery restaurants to focus in selling reheat and serve products in supermarkets and later hot products for eating inside supermarket cafes, such as at Marsh Supermarkets. During this time, Noble Roman's had 800 franchised locations plus contracts to sell pizzas in 2,000 supermarkets.
In November 2014, Scott Mobley replaced his father, Paul Mobley, as president and CEO while the elder remained chairman.

</doc>
<doc id="14426206" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14426206" title="Medstar Television">
Medstar Television

Medstar Television Inc. is a television production company based in Allentown, Pennsylvania.
Medstar was incorporated in the state of Pennsylvania in 1981 by Paul Dowling and William Ferretti to produce medical news and health information. From the start, Medstar financed, produced and distributed all of its own productions. (Health Matters: Independents Prescription Works)
One of its first was "Health Matters", a program on health and lifestyle issues, produced in cooperation with hospitals throughout the United States, which sponsor the program in their local areas with local and national content, along the same lines as "PM Magazine". "Health Matters" was syndicated to various commercial and PBS stations during the 1980s. 
Medstar later expanded to produce two medical news products, "MedstarSource" and "MedstarAdvances" syndicated to commercial television stations in the United States. Production of these segments ended in August 2011.
In 1990 Medstar began to produce programming for cable television including the Discovery Channel, HBO and TLC.
In 1995 the company created the "Medical Detectives" series on forensic science, which premiered on TLC in April 1995. (IMDB program listing) It was the first reality based forensic series on television and used a 'murder mystery' approach to documentary storytelling. In 2000 the Medical Detectives series moved to the CourtTV network (now TruTV) where it was re-titled "Forensic Files" and quickly became the networks highest rated television series. Internationally, the series was sold to stations and networks in over 142 countries where it remains enormously popular. Peter Thomas narrates the series which is still in production, with more than 400 episodes. In 2002, "Forensic Files" would appear on NBC as the first prime time television series originally produced for cable to air on a commercial network, as a summer replacement series.

</doc>
<doc id="14426343" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14426343" title="Carmor">
Carmor

Carmor Integrated Vehicle Solutions (previously known as Hatehof) is an Israeli company that manufactures tankers, aircraft refuelers, fire fighting trucks, armored vehicles and special purpose trailers.
Carmor is based in the Ziporit industrial zone in Nazareth Illit, Israel.
The company employs a team of engineers from many fields, and works on multiple projects/builds simultaneously. Carmor currently has around 100 employees and provides the required services in-house, such as the design, manufacture, assembly, inspection, professional literature, and cataloging. It is also a major supplier to the Israeli army.
Carmor was found in 1947 as Ha-tech-of - Haifa Technical Office, as a workshop for installing armour on tracks, to protect them against rifle fire during the 1947–48 Civil War in Mandatory Palestine.
In 1954, Carmor started manufacturing Fuel tankers and Aircraft refuelers, and become the major supplier to the Israeli Civil and military markets.
In 1981, Carmor had an initial public offering on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange, raising funds to enable the company to diversify and expand its product lines. The company started manufacturing Fire engines and Vehicle Trailer.
In 2001, Carmor signed a deal to supply airplane and helicopter refuelers to the Turkish Army. The contract was worth some NIS 28 million.
In 2005, Carmor introduced the Wolf Armoured Vehicle, a 4x4 multi-purpose armored vehicle with a high degree of flexibility, built utilizing a low-cost commercial 4x4 chassis of the Ford F550 with an automatic gearbox driven by a diesel engine, jointly developed with Rafael Advanced Defense Systems. The vehicle's armor and design offers a high degree of protection. It is available in troop carrier, command vehicle, rescue vehicle, logistics support and ambulance configurations. The Israel Ministry of Defense placed a $20 million order for Wolf Armoured Vehicle. The vehicles replaced aging light vehicles used by the Armed Forces of Israel.
In 2011, the company was in financial straits due to a drop in orders and NIS 200 million in debts. The company's creditor banks appointed a trustee to save it.
In 2016 Hatehof was renamed Carmor.

</doc>
<doc id="14432398" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14432398" title="Wainwright Bank">
Wainwright Bank

Wainwright Bank was a nationally recognized socially progressive bank in Boston, lauded as a "rebel with a cause making its reputation as a champion of social-justice causes, throwing its support behind everything from the gay-rights movement and affordable housing initiatives to immigration reform and the anti-Iraq war movement." There are 12 branch offices in Boston, Cambridge, Brookline, Newton, Watertown and Somerville. The current president is Jan A. Miller. Wainwright has made community development, affordable housing, civil and human rights, and other social issues a prominent focus of its activities and has a documented history of leadership in supporting social justice efforts. Wainwright was featured in three recent books on this topic: in 2005, Megatrends 2010: The Rise of Conscious Capitalism by Patrician Aburdene ; in 2006, named as a “truly responsible and highly profitable firm that is changing business now” in The High Purpose Company by Christine Arena ; and in 2008 in the Soul of a Leader by Margaret Benefiel PhD, CEO of Executive Soul and a teacher of spirituality and leadership at Andover Newton Theological School.
In June 2010 it was announced that Wainwright will be bought by the somewhat larger local regional Eastern Bank for $163 million. The purchase is to be completed by the end of 2010. Wainwright branches, staff and community involvement are to continue, but the name will be dropped. Senior Wainwright management will have positions with Eastern Bank.
The bank has been a strong advocate for universal civil rights for gays and lesbians. It testified in 1996 before the US Congressional Committee on Small Business to endorse the Employment Non-discrimination Act (ENDA)
. It supported equality for women by endorsing the National Organization for Women’s Women Friendly Workplace Pledge in1997. Wainwright has been credited as a leader in urging the Massachusetts Banker’s health insurance group to offer same-sex health benefits to all its member banks.
According to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the bank is a leader and an innovator in its community development lending efforts and has an outstanding record of helping to meet the credit needs of its assessment area, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, receiving an "outstanding" rating for its 2008 Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation 
The bulk of Wainwright Bank and Trust Co.'s commercial loan portfolio finances socially responsible community development projects.
Wainwright has made substantial commitments to environmental sustainability in its infrastructure as well as its products. Two of the most recent of its 12 branches - Coolidge Corner and Newton have received Silver and Gold certifications respectively under the LEED internationally recognized certification system that measures how well a building or community performs across all the metrics that matter most: energy savings, water efficiency, CO2 emissions reduction, improved indoor environmental quality, and stewardship of resources and sensitivity to their impacts. Developed by the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC), LEED provides building owners and operators a "concise framework for identifying and implementing practical and measurable green building design, construction, operations and maintenance solutions." In 2008 Wainwright sited its 12th branch in the Dorchester, MA Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) building adjacent to the MBTA’s Ashmont Red Line Station in Dorchester.
Wainwright Bank’s Green Loan was first offered in 2001, and provides a discounted home equity loan rate for energy efficient home improvements including the installation of solar panels, passive heating systems, green roofs, wind energy and more.
Internally, the Bank has management practices that have been lauded nationally as among the most progressive. Diversity is reflected in the 22 languages spoken by employees; it has "one of the most diverse boards of any commercial bank in the country with women or minorities comprising close to 40% of the directors. Over 50% of officers are women, approximately 10% of employees are openly gay or lesbian, including two senior vice presidents, and minorities comprise over 33% of its employee base."
The bank was founded on 28 July 1987 by John Plukas and Robert Glassman and opened public stock sales nine months later, on 13 October 1988.
In 1989, the bank inaugurated a Social Justice Award "to recognize nonprofits and affiliated individuals who have achieved outstanding success in addressing issues of social justice." Recipients of the award are given a grant of $10,000.
By 1989, the bank posted a profit of $1,300,000.
1994 – Wainwright offered same-sex medical benefits to employees
In 1997 Wainwright purchased a 30% interest in Trillium Assets Management Inc., the oldest and largest independent investment management firm in the U.S. exclusively devoted to socially responsible investing.
In 1997 Wainwright publicly supported the NOW Women Friendly Workplace Pledge National Organization for Women http://now.org/issues/wfw/empledge.html, and http://www.bostonnow.org/womfrienworc.html .
In 1997, the bank received the first of 10 awards to date from the US Treasury Community Development financial institutions fund – known as the Bank Enterprise Cash Award (BEA) followed by awards in 1998, 1999, 2000, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2008, and 2009. The Bank Enterprise Award Program was created in 1994 to support Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC)-insured financial institutions around the country that are dedicated to financing and supporting community and economic development activities.
In 1998, Business Ethics cited it in its annual awards "for dedication to social justice, internally and externally." In 2006, Business Ethics again cited Wainwright, ranking it 18th of "100 best corporate citizens", stating that it had provided more than $400 million in loans to development projects such as affordable housing and homeless shelters. In 2007, the same magazine ranked it 38th.
1998 – Wainwright becomes a signatory to CERES, "a national network of investors, environmental organizations and other public interest groups working with companies and investors to address sustainability challenges such as global climate change."
1999 – Wainwright’s CommunityRoom.net was launched to provide free web pages to any nonprofit client of the bank and the ability to accept online donations.
In 2003, the Community Investing Campaign commended Wainwright for its "building of economic opportunity and hope for individuals through community investing" and for granting the Silent Spring Institute a line of credit for breast cancer research.
In 2004 SustainableBusiness.com announced Wainwright as of the World's Top 20 Sustainable Stocks, recommended as a company that stands out as a world leader in sustainability and financial strength by leading social/ environmental investment analysts.
November 15, 2004 - KLD Research & Analytics, Inc., an independent investment research firm, announced that Wainwright Bank & Trust Company had been added to KLD's Domini 400 SocialSM Index (DS 400 Index).
2006 - Wainwright offered the Equal Exchange Certificate of Deposit the first "branded CD" in partnership with the Fair Trade coffee and chocolate cooperative company.
2008 – Wainwright receives an “outstanding” rating for its 2008 Community Reinvestment Act Performance Evaluation
On 18 November 2008, the bank announced that it had received a $25,000,000 allocation, jointly with Affirmative Investments of Boston, under the New Markets Tax Credits programme. The allocation was awarded, in the sixth round, to provide financing for projects in four "highly distressed" Boston neighbourhoods — Hyde Park, Mattapan, Dorchester and Roxbury.

</doc>
<doc id="14432671" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14432671" title="S3 Group">
S3 Group

S3 Group is a technology company that provides software products to operators, OEM's, semiconductors and healthcare providers. Founded in 1986 as Silicon & Software Systems (S3), S3 Group has a history in systems, embedded software and silicon design for consumer, wireless, WiMAX and related applications.

</doc>
<doc id="14433378" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14433378" title="Heidelberger Druckmaschinen">
Heidelberger Druckmaschinen

Heidelberger Druckmaschinen AG () is a German precision mechanical engineering company with head offices in Heidelberg (Baden-Württemberg). It is a manufacturer of offset printing presses sold globally. The company has a worldwide market share of more than 47% in this area and is the largest global manufacturer of printing presses. Sheet-fed offset printing is used predominantly for high-quality, multi-colour products, such as catalogues, calendars, posters, and labels. Heidelberg produces equipment for prepress, press and postpress, and is the only company in the world that does so.
On 23 February 1997, Heidelberg announced a partnership with Ricoh, entering into a global distribution agreement contract to sell and support the Japanese company's latest production digital colour press, the Pro C901, alongside their extensive offset press portfolio.
Like much of the printing industry, Heidelberg has suffered and its employees have been subject to layoffs and pay cuts in past years.
There is a subsidiarity called Adolf Mohr Maschinenfabrik GmbH & Co. KG.
In Offset:
Printmaster GTO 52, Printmaster QM-46, Printmaster PM 52 (only sold in China), Speedmaster SM 52, Printmaster PM 74 (only sold in China), Speedmaster SM 74, Speedmaster SM 102, Speedmaster CD 74, 
, Speedmaster XL 75,Speedmaster SX 74, Speedmaster SX 102, Speedmaster CX 102, Speedmaster XL 106, Speedmaster XL 145 and Speedmaster XL 162. ("GTO" stands for Grosser Tiegel Offset; "CD" for Cardboard Diameter; and "XL" for peak performance class, not for extra large.)

</doc>
<doc id="14433657" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14433657" title="ADAS (company)">
ADAS (company)

Adas is the UK’s largest independent agricultural and environmental consultancy and provider of rural development and policy advice. ADAS provides independent science-based research, consultancy and contracting services to a wide range of organisations in both the private and public sectors, throughout the UK and internationally.
The UK's National Agricultural Advisory Service (NAAS) was established in 1946 as the advisory and research arm of the Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (MAFF) because of the harsh food rationing of World War II that continued in the UK into the early 1950s. Plant pathology, entomology, soil and other specialist advisers throughout the country advised farmers and growers how to maximise their output.
The NAAS was rebranded as ADAS in 1971. In 1992, ADAS became an Executive Agency of MAFF until the business was privatised in 1997. To this day ADAS remains a major supplier to governments and many enterprises in the public and private sectors throughout the UK and other countries.
ADAS is a national company with local knowledge, operating from its headquarters in Wolverhampton and a further 15 principal sites throughout the UK. The business employs 400 staff on permanent or fixed-term contracts and calls on a further 250 on contingent terms.
ADAS has a large number of customers in the UK and abroad ranging from small rural enterprises to major corporations, government departments and agencies, including: 
Farmer's Voice is an annual farming survey (held up till 2006 at least)
The ADAS Group has two major brands – ADAS and REsolved Developments. These businesses cover the following areas:
ADAS
REsolved Developments
An ADAS company that has been specifically set up to help landowners to maximise the value of their land by promoting it through the planning process for the purpose of residential property development.

</doc>
<doc id="14434752" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14434752" title="Incisive Media">
Incisive Media

Incisive Media is a B2B information and events business. It is based in London, United Kingdom, with offices in New York City and Hong Kong.
Incisive Media is a business-to-business (B2B) information and events company founded by Tim Weller, in 1994 with the launch of "Investment Week". It acquired Timothy Benn Publishing (owner of "Post Magazine") in August 2000. It was listed on the main market of the London Stock Exchange in December 2000 which valued the business at c. £73m. During the next six years the business completed a number of acquisitions including "Matching Hat, Risk Waters, Initiative Europe (Unquote), Search Engine Strategies, Global Professional Media, Asian Venture Capital Journal" and "Pacific Prospect". However, as a public company it was difficult to take advantage of some of the larger consolidation opportunities that existed, so in December 2006 Tim Weller led a management buyout deal backed by Apax Partners that valued Incisive Media at £275 million.
Within a few months of going private, Incisive Media completed the acquisitions of MSM International and UK publishing business VNU Business Publications Ltd, formerly part of The Nielsen Company, from venture capital group 3i in 2007. In August 2007 the company completed a $630m deal to acquire ALM, an American magazine publisher that was backed by Bruce Wasserstein, doubling the size of the group again and creating a company with an enterprise value of over $1bn.
However, following the collapse of Lehman Brothers and the downturn in the financial services market, Incisive Media's markets came under significant pressure and the debt levels were no longer sustainable. In October 2009 Incisive Media announced the refinancing of the Group's debt. ALM was separated from the Group and was Acquired by RBS and Apax Partners. In the same month Incisive Media agreed to a debt-for-equity swap with its lenders.
In January 2015, Incisive Media's lenders agreed a restructuring which saw private equity house Alchemy Partners acquire a majority ownership of the business. The restructure helped reduce Incisive's debts significantly, allowing it to reinvest in the business. Tim Weller is now Executive Chairman with former Informa and Emap CEO David Gilbertson joining the board of directors as a Non-Executive Director.
In January 2015 Company was re-organised into two divisions Incisive Insight and Incisive Business and launched its Revenue acceleration and investment plan. The company employs more than 750 people working in London, New York and Hong Kong. In June 2015 Incisive Media acquired Chartis Research limited founded by Peyman Mestchian. Chartis has a 10-year track record of providing in-depth research and analysis. The London-based firm analyses the systems, products, vendors, applications and trends in the global risk technology market. This analysis is published in flagship industry reports, white papers and research articles. In September 2015 Incisive Media sold its Private Equity portfolio including AVCJ and Unqoute to Mergermarket Group and in the same month Contentive acquired Accountancy Age and Financial Director.
In January 2016 Legal Week was acquired by leading US publisher ALM, a deal which reunites Legal Week with its former sister company and publisher of titles including The American Lawyer and Corporate Counsel.
Incisive Media is an award winning information and events business and offers a range of websites, conferences, events and training products. It provides information and education for professionals working in financial and technology markets. 
It publishes a range of different magazines which focus on the B2B market, targeting different sectors. 
Journals
Websites
The group received five nominations for the June 2010 Association of Online Publishers awards, and was voted Digital Publisher of the Year. Also it received the same award in 2013 and in 2016 

</doc>
<doc id="14437602" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14437602" title="Zappos">
Zappos

Zappos.com is an online shoe and clothing shop based in Las Vegas, Nevada.
In July 2009, the company announced that Amazon.com would acquire it in an all-stock deal worth about $1.2 billion.
Zappos was founded in 1999 by Nick Swinmurn, who says that his initial inspiration came when he failed to find a pair of brown Airwalks at his local mall. That same year, Swinmurn approached Tony Hsieh and Alfred Lin with the idea of selling shoes online. Hsieh was initially skeptical, and almost deleted Swinmurn's voice mail. After Swinmurn mentioned that "footwear in the US is a 40 billion dollar market and 5% of that is already being sold by paper mail order catalogs," Hsieh and Lin decided to invest $2 million through their investment firm Venture Frogs. The company was officially launched in June 1999, under the domain name "ShoeSite.com."
A few months after its launch, the company's name was changed from ShoeSite to Zappos (a variation of "zapatos," the Spanish word for "shoes") so as not to limit itself to selling only footwear. In January 2000, Venture Frogs invested additional capital, and allowed Zappos to move into their office space. During this time, Hsieh found that he "had the most fun with Zappos" and came on board as co-CEO with Nick Swinmurn. After minimal gross sales in 1999, Zappos brought in $1.6 million in revenue in 2000.
In 2001, Zappos more than quadrupled their yearly sales, bringing in $8.6 million. In 2004, Zappos did $184 million in gross sales, and received their first round of venture capital, a $35 million investment from Sequoia Capital. That same year, they moved their headquarters from San Francisco to Henderson, Nevada. Over the next three years, Zappos doubled their annual revenues, hitting $840 million in gross sales by 2007 and expanded to include handbags, eyewear, clothing, watches, and kids’ merchandise.
In 2008, Zappos hit $1 billion in annual sales, two years earlier than expected (one year later, they fulfilled their other long-term goal, debuting at No. 23 on Fortune’s Top 100 Companies to Work For).
In 2009, Zappos started exploring an acquisition by Amazon. Within Zappos’ board of directors, two of the five—Hsieh and Alfred Lin—were primarily concerned with maintaining Zappos company culture, whereas the other three wanted to maximize profits in a down economy. Initially, Hsieh and Lin planned to buy out their board of directors, which they estimated would cost $200 million. In the midst of this, Amazon executives approached Zappos with the proposition of buying Zappos outright. After an hour-long meeting with Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos, Hsieh sensed that Amazon would be open to letting Zappos continue to operate as an independent entity, and started negotiations. On July 22, 2009, Amazon announced that it would buy Zappos for $940 million in a stock and cash deal. Owners of shares of Zappos were set to receive approximately 10 million Amazon.com shares, and employees would receive a separate $40 million in cash and restricted stock units. The deal was eventually closed in November 2009 for a reported $1.2 billion.
On June 22, 2012, Zappos announced it would be shedding their Kentucky warehouse on September 1, 2012. Hsieh had mentioned that "Even though it was hard to walk away from sales at a time when nobody is offering you money, we couldn't distinguish ourselves in the eyes of our customers if we weren't going to control the entire experience. We had to give up the easy money, manage the inventory, and take the risk." Even in spite of his commitment to controlling the customer experience by managing inventory, this announcement meant that Amazon would now be controlling that part of that customer experience. Over 3,000 employees in Zappos' Kentucky warehouse will now be in the care of Amazon on September 1, 2012.
On January 16, 2012, the company announced that its computer system was cracked, compromising the personal information of 24 million customers. In response, the company required all of its customers to change their passwords on the site. The company also shut down its customer service phone lines, requiring its customers to email questions instead. This incident led to a class action suit "In re Zappos.com, Inc., Customer Data Security Breach Litigation", with plaintiffs claiming that Zappos did not adequately protect their personal information.
On September 9, 2013, Zappos moved their headquarters from Henderson, Nevada to the former Las Vegas City Hall building in downtown Las Vegas, after an extensive $48 million effort to renovate and make major improvements to the building. CEO Tony Hsieh, who also leads the Downtown Project, an effort to revitalize downtown Las Vegas as a vibrant cultural and economic hotspot, has said he wants "to be in an area where everyone feels like they can hang out all the time and where there's not a huge distinction between working and playing." The move was lauded by Las Vegas mayor Oscar Goodman who said "this will be a game changer for Southern Nevada. This move will bring about a critical mass of creative persons to the inner core of Las Vegas in addition to causing a significant shot in the arm for the economy and for new jobs."
Zappos’ primary selling base is shoes, which accounts for about 80% of its business. Currently about 50,000 varieties of shoes are sold in the Zappos store, from such high-profile brands as Nike, Ugg boots, ALDO Shoes, and Steve Madden heels. Zappos sells many different types of footwear including running shoes, soccer cleats, basketball shoes, high heels, dress shoes, slippers, sandals, and even Crocs. They also serve the niche shoe markets, including narrow and wide widths, hard-to-find sizes, American-made shoes, and vegan shoes. In 2004, they launched a second line of high-end shoes called Zappos Couture.
In 2007, Zappos expanded their inventory to include clothing, handbags, eyewear, watches, and kids’ merchandise, which currently account for 20% of annual revenues. Zappos expects that clothing and accessories will bring in an additional $1 billion worth of revenue by 2015, as the clothing market is four times the size of the footwear market. Hsieh states that "our whole goal is we want to build the best brand of customer service. Hopefully, 10 years from now, people won’t even realize that we started selling shoes."
On average, Zappos employees answer 5,000 calls a month, and 1,200 e-mails a week (except in the holiday season, when call frequency increases significantly). Call center employees don't have scripts, and there are no limit on call times. The longest call reported is 10 hours 29 minutes.
Zappos employees are encouraged to go above and beyond traditional customer service. In particular, after a late night of barhopping and closed room service, Hsieh bet a Skechers rep that if he called the Zappos hotline, the employee would be able to locate the nearest late-night pizza delivery. The call center employee, although initially confused, returned two minutes later with a list of the five closest late night pizza restaurants. Inc. Magazine notes another example when a woman called Zappos to return a pair of boots for her husband because he died in a car accident. The next day, she received a flower delivery, which the call center rep had billed to the company without checking with her supervisor.
Zappos often gives "surprise" free upgrades to overnight shipping for customers, though their website reports that delivery will take two to five business days.
CEO Tony Hsieh encourages his employees to use social media networks to put a human face on the company and engage with customers, following their core value #6: "Build Open and Honest Relationships With Communication.". Zappos employees maintain an active presence on:
In 2008, Zappos launched Zappos Insights, which aims to help other businesspeople refine their company culture and customer service. For $40/month, participants are offered access to a subscription video service that lets companies ask questions to Zappos employees. Zappos Insights also offers a three-day bootcamp where participants visit the headquarters and have meetings with Zappos executives.
In 2007, Zappos acquired 6pm.com, which has bargain shoes, clothing and accessories. In May 2010, 6pm.com accidentally priced all their merchandise at $49.95, including items such as GPS navigators. They honored the pricing glitch, taking a $1.6 million loss.
Zappos sponsors the "Zappos Rock 'n' Roll Las Vegas Marathon and ½ Marathon," which draw 28,000 runners each year. They also sponsor the Zappos WCC basketball championships. During the tournament, Zappos hosts "Kidz Day," which outfits local Las Vegas kids with a new pair of shoes and an event T-shirt.
The company also sponsors a stretch of highway (Interstate 15 in Nevada) in the Las Vegas Valley area.
Zappos has been featured in many publications, including the "New Yorker", "USA Today", "New York Times", CNN, "Inc." magazine, the "Washington Post", CBS News, the "Los Angeles Times", the "Chicago Tribune", and "Forbes".
Zappos was ranked 23rd on the "Fortune" magazine's list of "Best Companies to Work For" in 2009, 15th in 2010, sixth in 2011, dropping slightly to 11th in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="14437790" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14437790" title="Azul Systems">
Azul Systems

Azul Systems, Inc., a privately held company, develops runtime platforms for executing Java-based applications. Founded in March 2002, Azul Systems is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California, with offices in London, United Kingdom; Saint Petersburg, Russia and Bangalore, India.
Azul produces Zing, a Java Virtual Machine (JVM) and runtime platform for Java applications that is designed to remove memory limitations and scale elastically. The company was formerly known for its Vega Java Compute Appliances (JCAs), specialized hardware designed to massively scale the usable compute resources available to Java applications. Zing utilizes and improves on the software technology developed for the Vega hardware.
Zing became generally available October 19, 2010. The product includes a JVM, management tool and monitoring tool. Zing is based on established technology from Azul that allows existing Java applications to scale to dozens of CPU cores and hundreds of gigabytes of memory 'elastically', meaning resources can also scale up and down based on real-time demands, and without garbage collection pauses present in other Java runtimes.
Zing is compliant with the Java SE standard and is based on Oracle's HotSpot. Where a typical Java Virtual Machine uses static heap sizes and reaches a practical size limitation due to garbage collection pauses, Zing implements Azul's C4 (Continuously Concurrent Compacting Collector) garbage collection software technology, allowing heap sizes of hundreds of GBs without pauses. Zing also utilizes Azul's technology for elastic memory, which allows memory heaps for Java instances to grow and shrink based on load. This dynamic heap scaling removes the need for most JVM and GC tuning. Zing also incorporates ReadyNow! technology to shorten warm-up time and avoid de-optimization during runs.
The Zing Vision tool provides low overhead production visibility of running Java applications using statistical information that is already available from processing occurring within the JRE.
Zing is available for Linux, and requires x86-based hardware with Intel Nehalem or AMD Opteron processors.
Azul's Java Compute Appliances (JCAs) were designed to massively scale up the usable compute resources available to Java applications. A proxy Java Virtual Machine (JVM) installed on the existing system will transparently redeploy Java applications to the Azul appliance, the latest version of which, the Vega 3, can contain up to 864 processor cores and 768 GB of memory.
Open Source
Azul distributes and supports Zulu and Zulu Enterprise, a certified binary build of OpenJDK. The initial release in September 2013 supported Java 7 and 6 and ran on Windows 2008 R2 and 2012 on the Windows Azure Cloud. On January 21, 2014, Azul announced Zulu support for multiple Linux versions as well as Zulu Enterprise, which has subscription support options. Support for Java 8 was added in April 2014 and Mac OS X support was added in June 2014. In September 2014, Zulu was extended to support Docker. Zulu Embedded, which allows developers to customize the build footprint, was released in March, 2015.
Developed for manufacturers in the embedded, mobile and Internet of Things (IoT) markets, each Zulu Embedded build is verified by Azul using the Java Community Technology Compatibility Kit (TCK) and incorporates the latest OpenJDK bug fixes and security patches.
Azul produces the jHiccup open source performance measurement tool for Java applications. It is designed to measure the stalls or "hiccups" caused by an application's underlying Java platform.
Azul Systems was founded by Scott Sellers (now President & CEO), Shyam Pillalamarri (VP of Engineering), and Gil Tene (CTO). The first compute appliances, offered in April 2005, were the 960, 1920 and 3840, consisting of 96, 192 and 384 processor cores, respectively.
Stephen DeWitt previously held the position of CEO.
Azul Systems was approached in 2005 by Sun Microsystems, who offered a licensing deal for patents it claimed Azul had violated. In March, 2006, Azul Systems sued Sun Microsystems, asking a U.S. District Court in northern California to rule on the issue of patent infringement. In May 2006, Sun Microsystems sued Azul Systems in federal court in San Jose, CA, claiming patent infringement and violation of a non-competitive agreement with former Azul CEO, Stephen DeWitt, also a former Sun employee. Both parties agreed to the terms of an undisclosed settlement in June 2007 prior to either suit going to trial.
Based on public filings, Azul has raised more than $200M in financing to date.
Major investors include Accel Partners, Austin Ventures, Credit Suisse, Meritech Capital Partners, Redpoint Ventures, Velocity Interactive Group, and Worldview Technology Partners. ComVentures and JVax Investment Group have also invested in Azul.
Azul and Microsoft announce Zulu Embedded for Windows IoT on October 26, 2015, providing a certified OpenJDK-based Java development and runtime environment for Windows 10 IoT Core.
Azul announces early access program for Zulu supporting Java 9 on October 26, 2015.
Azul Zing version 15.09 was released on October 20, 2015.
Azul announces on 7 October 2015, Zing available as Amazon Machine Images (AMIs) running on Red Hat Enterprise Linux on Amazon Web Services.
Azul joined Canonical’s Charm Partner Programme, Juju, on July 22, 2015 and released Zulu charms.
Azul Zulu 8.7 was released in May, 2015. It added support for Oracle Enterprise Linux and incorporated the latest OpenJDK updates.
Azul Zulu 8.4 was released October 31, 2014. It added Mac OS X 10.10 Yosemite support; DEB packaging, Apt-Get repository distribution and Docker for Debian Jessie and Wheezy (7.x) releases on Intel x86-64; and new Zulu Docker containers for Debian and CentOS.
Azul Zing version 14.09 was released in September, 2014. This version added Java SE 8 support, support for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7.0 and Ubuntu (operating system) 14.04 LTS, memory module AutoBuild for flexible Linux version support, and added the ability to save and reuse accumulated compiler optimizations between runs.
Azul Zulu Dockerfiles Docker were made available on the Docker Hub in September 2014.
Azul Zulu for Mac OS X was released in June, 2014.
Azul Zulu version 8.0 with Java SE 8 support was released in April, 2014.
Azul Zing version 5.9 was released in March, 2014. The major new feature was de-optimization control, called ReadyNow!.
Azul Zulu for Java 6 and multiple Linux versions was released in January, 2014.
Azul Zulu was released in September, 2013. Zulu is a supported build of OpenJDK. The initial release runs on Windows 2008 R2 and 2012 on the Microsoft Azure Cloud.
Zing Platform Edition with WebSphere was released in May, 2013. The product integrates IBM WebSphere Application Server with Azul Zing.
Zing 5.5 was released in October, 2012 with enhanced memory leak detection and support for Amazon EC2 and VMware-based instances.
Zing 5.2 was announced in April, 2012 with support for Ubuntu Linux 10.04 LTS (Ubuntu Linux) and new management tools for controlling deployments with multiple Zing JVM instances.
Zing 5.1 was released in February, 2012 with support for SUSE Linux Enterprise Server (SUSE Linux Enterprise Server).
Zing 5.0 was released in November, 2011 and was announced as the company's first fully native JVM for Linux (Linux).
Zing 4.1 was released in May, 2011, adding support for Red Hat Enterprise Linux 6 (Red Hat Enterprise Linux), Kernel-based Virtual Machine (KVM) (Kernel-based Virtual Machine) and JBoss Enterprise Application Platform (EAP) 5.1 (JBoss Enterprise Application Platform). The company indicated this was their first 'bare-metal' implementation.
Azul Systems released Zing 4.0 in October, 2010.
Azul Systems released the Vega 2 7200 Series, in June 2007. The 7200 series contains up to 768 processing cores on 16 processor chips with 768 GB of memory. Azul designed the 48 core Vega 2 processor chip. Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) fabricated the Vega 2 processor. Notable companies utilizing the 7200 series include Credit Suisse, Wachovia, British Telecom, and TransUnion.
Azul Systems released the Vega 3 7300 Series in May 2008. The 7300 series contains up to 864 processing cores with 768 GB of memory.

</doc>
<doc id="14438083" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14438083" title="SmartDrive Systems">
SmartDrive Systems

SmartDrive Systems, Inc. is a driver risk management company located in San Diego, California. It specializes in designing, manufacturing and selling video driver safety programs used by commercial fleets, USA.
On November 13, 2007, SmartDrive disclosed that it received $46 million in venture funding, primarily from Oak Investment Partners and New Enterprise Associates.
SmartDrive has Camera one facing the front of the vehicle and one facing the interior of the vehicle that capture events.
SmartDrive provides practical applications of vehicle telematics solutions like-
Vehicle tracking is monitoring the location, movements, status and behaviour of a vehicle or fleet of vehicles.
A driver-based analytics solution that enables fleet managers to identify, assess and correct risky driving behaviors of the driver before they lead to a collision.
A behavior-based that measures speeding and help to improve fleet performance and fuel efficiency

</doc>
<doc id="14438368" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14438368" title="Seekda">
Seekda

Seekda is a Canadian owned company headquartered in Vienna/Austria, having branch offices in Innsbruck/Austria. The company which was founded in 2007 and employs 70 IT – and tourism experts.
The company markets high-tech booking solutions for the eTourism sector. The target groups for Seekda are accommodation establishments of all types as well as thematic- and regional portals.
With Seekda, connections to hotel meta-search platforms and using interfaces to several service providers in the tourism industry, the company ensures the data transfer and regular updating of content relevant for bookings. Seekda cooperates with external partners working in the field of Property Management System (PMS), Global Distribution System (GDS), Online-Travel-Agency (OTA). The developed tools assist hoteliers in online distribution while at the same time minimizing the data maintenance effort.

</doc>
<doc id="14440701" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14440701" title="Parnall &amp; Sons">
Parnall &amp; Sons

Parnall & Sons Ltd was a shop and ship fitting and aircraft component manufacturer in Bristol, England. The original company was set up in 1820 by William Parnall in Narrow Wine Street, initially making weights and measures, before expanding into shop keeping equipment and shop fittings.
By the 1880s Parnall & Sons was the largest shop fitting company in England with showrooms in Narrow Wine Street and Fairfax Street, a scale works at Fishponds and branches in London and Swansea. The scales and weighing machines produced at the Fishponds foundry on Parnall Road included the hardy Patent Agate Hand Scales and the Patent National Balances invented by Mr Parnall, which sold 20,000 in 10 years. In 1889 the company expanded into shopfronts, including glasswork and iron architecture and had over 400 employees. By the 1890s "there is hardly a city or town in Great Britain where their productions are not known and appreciated". Weighing machine production was phased out after W & T Avery Ltd. was associated and the company concentrated on its well-known shop-front business. The foundry was later sold to George Adlam & Sons the iron founders and brewers engineers.
During the First World War the company started manufacture of aeroplanes and seaplanes, producing over 600 by 1918. George Geach Parnall left the company soon afterwards, who eventually went on to form Parnall Aircraft Ltd and successfully continued aircraft design and manufacture elsewhere in Bristol.
In 1923, Parnall & Sons Ltd moved to Lodge Causeway, Fishponds, in Bristol into a former factory of the Cosmos Engineering aeroengines company. The company resumed manufacture of shopfronts, including the bronze shopfronts and display cases in Piccadilly Circus tube station and steel canopies at the Savoy Hotel and the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre in Stratford-on-Avon. 
High-profile work included the internal fittings for passenger liners, including the outfit of the Tourist class dining room on the RMS Britannic built at Harland & Wolff for the White Star Line in the late 1920s. In addition they also branched out into refrigerated and cold storage units, executive office furniture, and gained expertise in the fabrication of plastics leading to the formation of a plastics division.
Once again the Air Ministry turned to the company for aircraft manufacturing, and the factory in Fishponds produced airframe components and fuselage sections in metal and wood for a range of RAF and FAA aircraft. 
Manufacture throughout the war years included wings for De Havilland Tiger Moth and Airspeed Oxford trainers, wing flaps for Fairey Barracuda torpedo-bombers and Handley Page Halifax heavy bombers, fuselages for Shorts Stirling heavy bombers and Airspeed Horsa gliders, and tail planes for Bristol Beaufighter heavy fighter.
Similar aircraft component work also continued after the war with contracts for the manufacture of fuselages in the late 1940s and 50s for the de Havilland Venom, a jet single-seat fighter-bomber. Work continued with interior finishings for Bristol Britannia airliners up until 1960, which then exploited the new materials available, such as plastic. In the late 1940s, the company turned its hand to supplying the new supermarket industry, producing metal shelving and display units.
Fittings contracts continued in the luxury market including contracts for 10 Downing Street, Buckingham Palace, the Houses of Parliament. Most famous of all was the production and installation of the internal fittings for public rooms on board the Cunard Ocean Liner QE 2 in 1960s.
In 1979, Parnall & Sons was bought by GEC, who subsequently sold the company to CH Holdings. The factory suffered a couple of unfortunate fires and went into receivership in May 1991 after over 170 years of trading in Bristol. 
The factory was demolished in 1992 and the site is now occupied by ALD Automotive car retailers.

</doc>
<doc id="14441063" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14441063" title="Slant Six Games">
Slant Six Games

Slant Six Games was a Canadian Independent video game developer founded in 2005. The company's name is derived from the 1959 Chrysler engine of the same name. Slant Six Games' studio was based in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. They were voted the 7th best company to work for in British Columbia by BC Business 2011.
Slant Six Games has released three games published by Sony Computer Entertainment of America: ' which was named the best PSP multiplayer experience at E3 2007 and ' for the PlayStation Portable as well as " for PlayStation 3".
In March 2012, Slant Six Games launched "" as part of the "Resident Evil" franchise. The game has been called "a big success" by the publisher Capcom for shipping two million copies within two months of the release date. "Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City" is Capcom's 16th best selling title.
In November 2012, Slant Six Games released their first original title "The Bowling Dead" for iOS devices.
In 2013, in collaboration with Microsoft, Slant Six Games released "Galactic Reign". They also released "Max's Pirate Planet - A Board Game Adventure" that same year.
In June 2013, Slant Six Games laid off the last of their employees.
Hexane is a complete game engine developed by Slant Six Games for console, PC and mobile games.

</doc>
<doc id="14441804" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14441804" title="Destra Corporation">
Destra Corporation

Destra Corporation Limited, previously known as Sprint Corporation and Ehyou, was an independent Australian owned media and entertainment company based in Richmond, Victoria founded by Domenic Carosa. Destra's interests spanned film, internet, music, theatre and retail, including Magna Pacific.
During its peak years, Destra was one of the largest online music distributors in Australia, while also specializing in hosting and domain registry. In the mid 2000s, the company reached $100 million in annual turnover. The company's shareholders included Prime Media, whose stake represented 44% at April 2008.
Following the collapse of Opes Prime in 2007, Destra announced they were suffering financially and it went on to lose $76.9 million between 2007 and early 2008. The company was split into a number of divisions before its subsidiaries were sold. Destra became defunct in November 2008.
Domenic Carosa and Anna Carosa founded Destra Corporation in 1993. The Carosas were only teenagers when they came up with the concept, which they originally called Sprint. In its early days, the company owned entertainment websites in Australia and formed Ozhosting.com in 1995 to provide hosting to small businesses. Sprint purchased a number of smaller Australian-based hosting companies over the next couple of years in order to increase its market share in the hosting market. This included BlueFire and also GlobalHost. Both companies remained as separate entities under Sprint but operated under the OzHosting.com brand.
In 2000, Sprint Corporation was rebranded as Ehyou in order to expand into other online fields besides hosting. This included the purchasing of mp3.com.au, with the aim of moving more into the online music and digital downloads market. Over the next couple of years, Destra expanded its hosting offerings geographically through acquisitions of Cyberhost, lasiaworks, and Ocean Internet's hosting division. Destra also acquired Webtrader in January 2001, a move which further diversified its services. The company was then integrated under the OzHosting subsidiary, making the hosting brand the second largest retail hosting company in Australia.
During 2002, Destra continued to acquire hosting companies, including Enet21 and SuperHosting. Most notably, Most notably, Destra announced in 2002 that they had acquired a 60% controlling interest in TPP Internet, which was one of Australia's largest domain name registrars at the time.
In 2004, the subsidiary OzHosting was integrated into a new part of the business. The OzHosting brand was shelved, and OzHosting and Techex merged to form Destra. During the same year, Destra won the PowerTel Partner of the Year award. During its first year as the Destra brand, the company announced that they had reached a partnership agreement with Yahoo! to create a new suite of services that would be integrated into the subsidiary, OzHosting. In 2005, Destra reported revenue of over $15 million, up 73% from the previous year, with revenues of $15.739 million, up 73 percent.
In 2006, Destra was the largest digital music provider in Australia, with more than 1.3 million tracks in its online music catalogue. At the time, the company was strategically developing advertising revenue streams across its websites.
After making a number of acquisitions, Destra was greatly affected by the collapse of Opes Prime in 2008. In 2007–08, Destra lost $76.9 million, having made 13 acquisitions in the previous three years. In November 2008, Destra's divisions were sold in administration to companies including Fremantle Media; Central Station Records; Brand New Media; Eddie MacGuire's Visual Entertainment Group; producer of the Discovery Channel's hit show MythBusters, Beyond International; and Domenic Carosa's "Dominet Digital".

</doc>
<doc id="14443658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14443658" title="Matheson (automobile)">
Matheson (automobile)

The Matheson was an American automobile manufactured from 1903 to 1912. The President of the company was Charles Walter Matheson, born Grand Rapids, Michigan, March 22, 1876. His brother, Frank F. Matheson served as company secretary.
The first production of the Matheson Motor Car Company was shipped from Grand Rapids in July, 1903.
In 1903, Matheson acquired the assets of the Holyoke Automobile Company, and relocated production to Holyoke, Massachusetts.
The business community in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania, was keen to attract and invest in manufacturing. In 1906, a new Matheson factory was opened in Forty Fort, Pennsylvania. Some 35 skilled employees transferred from the old works in Holyoke, Massachusetts. In the spring of 1913, heavily discounted cars were being sold off by the receiver.
In 1919, the Owen Magnetic Motor Car Company occupied the old Matheson works and in 1920 resumed production of the Owen Magnetic car.
The sprawling building that housed the manufacturing plant still exists, although heavily modified into a series of commercial business locations. The Matheson building is quite long, taking up more than a block of space on Welles Street in Forty Fort. The anchor business is Matheson Warehouse, an agent of North American Van Lines and operated by several generations of the Hinchey Family.
Recently, it was announced that funding for the Welles Street Gateway Project has been awarded as part of the proceeds from state profits garnered from the Mohegan Sun Casino in nearby Plains Township. The Welles Street Gateway Project was the brainchild of former Forty Fort Council President Andy Tuzinski and current Borough Engineer Chris Borton. This project will introduce a "Main Street" USA motif with retail shops, sidewalks and period lighting.

</doc>
<doc id="14444545" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14444545" title="Moby Dick (restaurant)">
Moby Dick (restaurant)

Moby Dick: House of Kabob is a Persian kabob restaurant chain in the Washington metropolitan area. Named after a Tehran restaurant, the first restaurant opened in Bethesda, Maryland in 1989.
Founder Mike Daryoush emigrated to the United States from Iran in 1975. He opened a small sandwich shop in 1987 in Bethesda, Maryland, serving a few Middle Eastern dishes. He changed to a Persian menu and added a clay oven in 1989. The name references one of the biggest kabob joints in Tehran, which was right near the American Embassy during the Shah's time. It was called Moby Dick, apparently because the owner really liked the book. The newest location opened in City of Fairfax, VA in 2016.
On June 7, 2000, two jewelry salesmen were shot by a robber that had followed them into the Georgetown restaurant location. The shooting victims survived and the perpetrator, Zachary J. Wages Sr., was arrested and convicted of assault and robbery.

</doc>
<doc id="14445248" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14445248" title="National Transmission Corporation">
National Transmission Corporation

The National Transmission Corporation (TransCo) is a Philippine government-owned and controlled corporation created in 2001 by the Electric Power Industry Reform Act (Republic Act/RA 9136) and a corporate entity wholly owned by the Makati-based Power Sector Assets and Liabilities Management (PSALM). It is the owner of the National Transmission System that is being operated, maintained, and constructed (for transmission projects since 2009) by the National Grid Corporation of the Philippines (NGCP). As owner of the nation's transmission facilities, it assumed all of National Power Corporation's substation and transmission assets. Today, it is involved in monitoring NGCP's compliance with the standards set by the relevant laws and also in charge of administering the FIT to renewable power generators. At their freeport/economic zone branches, it owns and operates all distribution facilities and provider of power on all economic and freeport zones and its nearby barangays within its vicinity in the Philippines.
TransCo was previously an integral part of the state-owned National Power Corporation created under the Electric Power Industry Reform Act which describes TransCo as its "crown jewel", as a step to privatize the nation's electric industry.
TransCo has been separated from Napocor since March 1, 2003. Its transmission lines links various power plants, distribution utilities (such as Meralco), another TransCo/NGCP substation, and electric cooperatives all over the Philippines.
On June 2005, TransCo received recognition field of Corporate Governance from the Institute of Directors.
On January 2006, TransCo wrote a history by bagging the Philippine Quality Award Recognition for Commitment to Quality Management.
The Arroyo administration has been recently criticized for conducting nontransparent and biased bidding of the nations critical power grid operator by manipulating the bidding process. Petitions were filed to the supreme court by some bidders who were barred from bidding despite being qualified enough.
Opponents to TransCo's privatizations argue that TransCo should remain state-owned instead of selling it to private firms where it can be readily abused for profits. Ultimately, electricity consumers shall burden the electricity prize hike imposed by private power transmission firm monopoly.
On December 12, 2007, 2 consortia bid for a 25-year license to run the Philippine power grid - privatization of the management of the National Transmission Corporation (Transco): the consortium of Monte Oro Grid Resources Corp., led by businessman Enrique Razon, comprising the State Grid Corporation of China, and Calaca High Power Corp., WON in an auction conducted by the Power Sector Assets and Liabilities Management (PSALM) Corp. as it submitted the highest offer of $3.95 billion, for the right to operate TransCo for 25 years, outbidding San Miguel Energy, a unit of San Miguel Corporation (bid of $3.905 billion), Dutch firm TPG Aurora BV and Malaysia’s TNB Prai Sdn Bhd. Jose Ibazeta, PSALM president and CEO remarked: “We are very happy about the successful turnout of the bidding for TransCo. PSALM handled the privatization of the government’s transmission business with utmost transparency and judiciousness."
Congress approved bicameral resolution granting franchise to National Grid Corporation of the Philippines (NGCP) to manage and operate its transmission facilities nationwide on November 2008.
President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo signed RA 9511 into law granting franchise to NGCP on December of that same year.
On January 15, 2009, TransCo turned over the operations, maintenance, and management of the transmission system to NGCP. Ownership of all transmission facilities or assets will continue to be owned by Philippine government through TransCo.
The new table of organization employees took a new oath of office in July 16, 2009, which results in the formation of a new TransCo. 
On November 2012, ERC names TransCo as fit-allowance fund administrator and was given an added role in renewable energy sector.
TransCo is headed by a board of directors composed of 7 members. Like any some other national government-owned and controlled corporations, companies, agencies, departments, and institutions in the Philippines, all board members are appointed by the President of the Philippines and serve a term of 6 years. No member of the Board or any of his relatives within the fourth civil degree of consanguinity or affinity shall have any interest, either as investor, officer or director, in any generation company or distribution utility or other entity engaged in transmitting, generating and supplying electricity specified by ERC. Below is a table listing the board of directors of TransCo. 

</doc>
<doc id="14445512" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14445512" title="Lincoln Snacks Company">
Lincoln Snacks Company

The Lincoln Snacks Company (or Lincoln Snacks) was a manufacturer of caramelized popcorn and popcorn/nut mixes. Lincoln Snacks’ products are produced in Lincoln, Nebraska and sold nationally under the Poppycock, Fiddle Faddle and Screaming Yellow Zonkers (discontinued) brand names. Lincoln Snacks became a subsidiary of ConAgra Foods, Inc. on September 7, 2007.
The Lincoln Snacks Company has roots in the Wander Company, a Swiss firm founded in Berne in 1865, which manufactured Ovaltine in Villa Park, Illinois. In 1960, Wander bought the rights to Poppycock, a snack consisting of caramelized popcorn and nuts, from Harold Vair, a Detroit candy shop owner. In 1968, Wander merged with Sandoz Nutrition Corporation, a division of Sandoz, to form Sandoz-Wander, Inc. (which is today the pharmaceutical company Novartis). Poppycock production was moved from Villa Park to Lincoln, Nebraska and the Lincoln Snacks Company was created as an operating division of Sandoz-Warner.
In February 1992, Sandoz-Wander announced intentions to sell their Lincoln Snacks division due to a decline in net sales. On August 31, 1992, Lincoln Snacks was acquired by Noel Group, Inc., a public buyout firm. Lincoln Snacks’ name was changed to Lincoln Foods Inc. and sales, marketing and administrative headquarters were relocated to Stamford, Connecticut; the manufacturing plant remained in Lincoln, Nebraska. On March 15, 1993, Lincoln Foods acquired Carousel Nut Products, Inc., an Owensboro, Kentucky producer of roasted, raw and mixed nuts. Carousel's operations were merged with the Lincoln plant in 1994. That same year, Lincoln Foods had an initial public offering of 2.15 million shares and began trading under "SNAX" on the NASDAQ stock exchange.
The board of directors of Noel Group approved a "plan of complete liquidation and dissolution" in 1997. In June 1998, however, Brynwood Partners purchased a controlling interest in Lincoln Foods. In 2004, Willis Stein & Partners, a Chicago private-equity firm, purchased Lincoln Foods as well as Jays Foods, Inc., another snack food manufacturer, and created Ubiquity Brands as a parent company. Ubiquity Brands also reverted Lincoln Foods' name to Lincoln Snacks Company. On September 7, 2007, Lincoln Snacks was purchased by Conagra Foods, Inc. for approximately $50 million in cash. Lincoln Snacks now reports to ConAgra's snack foods division headquartered in Edina, Minnesota.
Lincoln Snacks manufactures and packages all of its products at its Lincoln, Nebraska manufacturing facility. The facility was constructed in 1968 and is a one-story building on a site. Approximately is dedicated to production with the remaining being utilized for administration. Lincoln Snacks' warehousing facility is located in Lincoln.
On July 17, 1995, Lincoln Snacks granted Planters Company, a unit of Nabisco, Inc., the exclusive distribution of Fiddle Faddle and Screaming Yellow Zonkers products. On July 11, 1997 Lincoln Snacks entered another agreement with Nabisco, Inc. which granted Lincoln Snacks the right to use Planters’ trademarks in the marketing of Fiddle Faddle. On May 1, 1997, however, Lincoln Snacks resumed marketing and distributing Screaming Yellow Zonkers.
Poppycock was invented by Harold Vair in the 1950s as a snack to accompany him on road trips. The "original" Poppycock is a "premium priced" product and contains popcorn, almonds and pecans covered in a candy/caramel glaze. Additional Varieties include:
Fiddle Faddle was introduced in 1967 as a "moderately priced" product. Fiddle Faddle consists of popcorn and peanuts covered in either the "original" caramel glaze or a "butter toffee" glaze. The original Fiddle Faddle box was the first snack box to feature a carrying handle.
Screaming Yellow Zonkers is popcorn with a sugary yellow glaze. Screaming Yellow Zonkers was introduced in 1969 as a nut-free alternative to existing caramelized popcorn products. Allan Katz was the creator of the original box and ad campaign. Screaming Yellow Zonkers was featured on the Food Network show "Unwrapped" in 2002, but has since been discontinued.
ConAgra products:
Similar Products:

</doc>
<doc id="14447621" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14447621" title="Céidot Game Studios">
Céidot Game Studios

Céidot was a video game development company founded in 2005. Céidot's main headquarters resided in Ankara, Turkey, and had a corporate branch located in Oregon, United States. Céidot is an official brand of Imengi Design Company, whose counterpart is Céiron Alternative Reality brand, an imaginary design and fiction organization. Céidot's main project is a Windows game called "Sovereign Symphony" which was planned to support realistic 3D short animation films to introduce its scenario. Céidot had partnerships with Emergent Game Technologies, Ageia, Noviy Disk and GameSultan. Céidot has been closed in 19 March 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="14447707" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14447707" title="Mocca.com">
Mocca.com

Mocca.com was an online classified advertising service run by the Singapore media company MediaCorp.
Mocca stood for "MediaCorp Online Communities and Classified Advertising".Its catchline was "Search, Buy, Sell, Connect". Classified advertisements could be posted on MOCCA for free, except ads for property or vehicles. Users could run searches of the vehicle and property sections.

</doc>
<doc id="14448194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14448194" title="Zoetrope Interactive">
Zoetrope Interactive

Zoetrope Interactive is an independent game developer located in Istanbul, Turkey. Their mission is to develop quality games in which gamers will enjoy a unique gaming experience. One of the notable products they have developed is " and their proprietary panoramic game engine, CPAGE.

</doc>
<doc id="14448843" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14448843" title="Promens">
Promens

Promens hf is an Icelandic holding company with primary interests in rigid plastics manufacturing.
It is majority owned by Icelandic investment companies Horn Invest and The Enterprise Investment Fund.
Promens' headquarters are in Kópavogur, Iceland.
Promens operates 42 manufacturing in 19 countries, with 3800 employees, and total sales exceeding EUR 611 million in 2011.
Promens traces its roots back to 1984 when a group of local investors in Dalvik, Iceland, established a company called Sæplast to manufacture insulated, double walled containers for the fishing and fish processing industries. After extensive adoption by the Icelandic fisheries industry, the company began exporting its products worldwide. In 1993, Sæplast won the President of Iceland's Export Award. The same year Sæplast was listed on the Icelandic Stock Exchange.
During 1999-2000 Sæplast acquired three companies abroad; in 1999 the Dyno AS factories in Ålesund, Norway and St. John, Canada, and in 2000, Nordic Supplies Container AS of Norway.
This expanded Sæplast's product range from rotationally molded tubs to include floats and safety equipment for the marine industries. As a result of these acquisitions, Sæplast's turnover increased by 400%, with 40% of the company's turnover now coming from the floats and safety equipment. During this time, the number of overseas employees reached three times the personnel in Iceland.
In 2001 Sæplast Asia was established in Hong Kong. In 2002, Icebox Plastico, Spain was acquired by Sæplast, and in 2003 Plasti-Ned of the Netherlands was also acquired by Sæplast.
Atorka Group of Iceland purchased a majority interest in Sæplast in 2004 and delisted the company from the ICEX. In 2004 the largest Icelandic company in the field of expandable polystyrene production, Tempra hf was acquired by Sæplast.
In May 2005, Promens hf was formed to take over several of Sæplast's subsidiaries: Sæplast Dalvík ehf, and Tempra hf. in Iceland, Plasti-Ned BV and Sæplast Holland BV. in the Netherlands, Sæplast Iberia S.A. in Spain, Sæplast Asia Ltd. in Hong Kong and Sæplast UK Ltd., a 63% share in Sæplast India Ltd. Sæplast Ålesund AS., Sæplast Norge AS. and Sæplast Canada Inc. remained under Sæplast hf.
In July 2005 the company acquired, the Bonar Plastics division from Low and Bonar Plc, adding eleven rotomolding plants in ten countries within Europe and in North America. Sixty-five percent of the sales of Bonar Plastics is derived from custom moulded products manufactured for other producers of industrial products.
At the time of the acquisition Bonar Plastics produced parts for at least 15 industries and blue-chip customers include DaimlerChrysler, Caterpillar, John Deere, Peugeot, Renault and Volvo. At the time 35% of its sales were its own products, particularly tubs and tanks for storage and transportation of materials for the chemical, pharmaceutical and food industries.
Promens Plastics division operates 11 rotomoulding factories in eight countries. The division’s factories are located in Dalvik in Iceland, Hockenheim in Germany, Deventer and Rijen in the Netherlands, Miedzyrzecz in Poland, Annezin, Bellignat, Blye, Geovreisset, L'Aigle, La Roche-sur-Foron and Montoir in France, Barcelona in Spain, Saint John in New Brunswick Canada, one plant in India and one plant in Taicang, China.

</doc>
<doc id="14449522" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14449522" title="Terra Securities">
Terra Securities

Terra Securities ASA was a Norwegian security company that sold various financial instruments, index options, hedge funds and other investment securities through 78 local savings banks that are members of Terra-Gruppen. In 2006 it had a market share of 1.92% on Oslo Stock Exchange, rating it as the 21st largest of 49 security companies in Norway. The company was a subsidiary of Terra Markets that is owned by Norne Securities.
In 2007 the company was hit by the Terra Securities scandal that after having misinformed eight municipalities in Norway as to the risk of their investments. On 28 November 2007 the company filed for bankruptcy after the Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway had stripped Terra Securities of its brokerage license.

</doc>
<doc id="14449689" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14449689" title="Industria Cartaria Pieretti">
Industria Cartaria Pieretti

Industria Cartaria Pieretti (icP) is an Italian company which produces cardboard for industrial use, made starting from waste paper. Its headquarters are in Marlia, inside the Lucca paper district.
In 1924 Giuseppe Pieretti founds in Marlia the "F.lli Pieretti" company (Pieretti Brothers), which starts producing straw paper. From 1935 to 1938 the company activities are expanded; they come to include the management of some more paper mills all around Italy. During the 1950s, Giuseppe's sons (Adriano, Graziano and Luisiano) take over the control of the whole company.
With the second generation in control, icP's core business shifts to packaging paper, completely made of waste paper. The 1970s mark the beginning of the corrugated coreboard production (1978). Two years later, the activities focus on stripe-cut board, so that it can be used in the production of tissue rolls cores or industrial tubes.
Every year approximately 120,000 tons of board are produced, with a gross income of more than 40 million euros. 60% of icP's total production is sold in Italy; the left part is exported throughout the world.
icP produces four kinds of paperboard: 50% of the production is used in the tissue cores market; 30% in the corrugated paperboard market; the remaining 20% is used for industrial tubes. The weight stays between 140 and 420 g/m².

</doc>
<doc id="14450409" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14450409" title="Terra Markets">
Terra Markets

Terra Markets AS (formerly known as Orion Securities AS) is a Norwegian investment banking firm in the Norne Securities group. Terra Markets employs 75 professionals in brokerage, equity research, market making and corporate finance. The equity research team consists of 15 analysts who cover approximately 150 listed companies in Norway. The team have a particularly strong coverage of small and midcap companies on the Oslo Stock Exchange, and have a strong track record in the Norwegian market. Among achievements can be mentioned that Terra Markets has won the expert competition Børsspeilet in Økonomisk Rapport seven eight in a row. Terra Markets is a member of the stock exchanges in Oslo.

</doc>
<doc id="14450711" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14450711" title="Perry Drug Stores">
Perry Drug Stores

Perry Drug Stores was an American retail pharmacy chain founded in 1957 in the city of Pontiac, Michigan, United States. At its peak in the 1980s, Perry operated more than 200 drug stores, primarily in the state of Michigan, as well as 200 Auto Works auto parts stores and fourteen A. L. Price discount health and beauty aids outlets.
In 1995, Perry Drug Stores was bought out by Rite Aid, a pharmacy chain based in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania. The Perry chain, which at the time comprised 224 stores, was the largest acquisition ever made by Rite Aid. In addition, this acquisition brought the Rite Aid name to the Detroit area for the first time.
Founder Jack A. Robinson opened his first Perry Drug Store in 1957 on Perry Street in Pontiac, Michigan. Over time, the chain expanded to become a prominent drugstore in the Detroit area, competing with local chains such as Arbor Drugs and Cunningham Drug.
In 1978, a prototype Perry store was opened, featuring an expanded sporting goods line, a home and automotive center, and live pets for sale. Auto Works, an automotive parts retail chain, was introduced in 1982.
Twenty-six Cunningham Drug locations were spun off by the chain's owner into a new chain called Apex Drug. By 1985, the Apex Drug locations and several other Cunningham locations were acquired by Perry, while the Cunningham locations in Florida remained in operation.
In 1981, Perry Drug expanded into the Chicago, Illinois market for the first time. (The chain had previously tried to enter Chicago through a failed acquisition of DeKoven Drugs.) A year later, these stores were sold to businessmen Fred Barney and Bill Cartwright, two veteran businessmen who formed the Chicago operations into Perry Drug Chicago.
Several units in Michigan were acquired in 1990 from Revco. This acquisition made Perry the dominant drugstore chain in the Detroit area and expanded Perry's presence to the Upper Peninsula for the first time.
Perry Drug Stores posted a brief period of sharp declines in sales in 1990, with locations in Indiana and Wisconsin being sold off. By 1993, the Perry Drug Chicago locations were re-acquired and liquidated.
After its out-of-state operations were sold, Perry continued to expand its presence within Michigan. Many locations were remodeled to the chain's "store of the '90s" format; in addition, an online computer system called PerryLink was implemented at all stores, allowing for customers to have their prescriptions filled at any location.
Rite Aid, a drugstore chain based in Camp Hill, Pennsylvania, acquired twenty-five locations from Hook's Drug Stores in 1994, subsequently selling nine of the locations to Perry. One year later, Rite Aid acquired all 224 of Perry Drug Stores' locations, including the former Hook's Drugs locations. The acquisition of Perry Drug Stores in 1995 was the largest acquisition made by Rite Aid. It also brought Rite Aid to the Detroit area, where it previously had no stores.
In addition to the drugstore chain, Perry owned two other specialty chains: Auto Works and A.L. Price. Auto Works was an automotive store which comprised more than 200 locations at its peak. This chain was sold off in 1988 to Northern Automotive (now known as CSK Auto). A.L Price was a deep-discount health and beauty aids retailer with fourteen locations in the Detroit area. In 1990, Perry Drug Stores sold off all fourteen A. L. Price locations, as part of a decision to focus entirely on the drugstore chain itself; three years later, eleven of these stores were re-acquired by Perry.

</doc>
<doc id="14452462" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14452462" title="XPress Telecom">
XPress Telecom

"XPress Telecom" was a wireless telecommunication operator in Jordan. It has been shut down because of financial problems. It holds a digital trunking radio system license from the country's telecommunication regulatory body, the TRC; the technology used is Motorola's proprietary iDEN technology operated on the SMR-800 frequency band.
Its offering mostly targeted the corporate market with an array of services needed in such sector including; professional radio service(also known as Push-To-Talk or PTT), regular mobile telephony and messaging services along with A-GPS based tracking services and wireless-data services. They do also offer prepaid service for the individual customers.
XPress Jordan ceased trading in 2010.
XPress's sister company Bravo Telecom operates the same system in neighboring Saudi Arabia, one advantage of that is that customers of either network can place international push-to-talk calls, similar service is available between Sprint Nextel iDEN network subscribers and their counterparts in other countries such as Nextel in Mexico and Telus iDEN subscribers in Canada.

</doc>
<doc id="14456433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14456433" title="Zoopy">
Zoopy

Zoopy is an online and mobile social media community, hosting user generated videos, photos and audio. It launched into closed beta in late 2006 and moved into live beta with public access on 5 March 2007.
Zoopy has attracted some high-profile users, including Helen Zille (leader of the Democratic Alliance and Mayor of Cape Town), Grant Haskin (Deputy Mayor of Cape Town), Habitat for Humanity and Zapiro (cartoonist and satirist Jonathan Shapiro). Registered users can create, upload and share videos, photos and audio.
Zoopy TV is a platform within Zoopy that broadcasts videos created by Zoopy's content team on topics ranging from news to vox pops interviews, movie reviews, fashion and entertainment.
In December 2007, Nokia selected Zoopy as their regional imaging partner for South and West Africa. On June 26, 2008, Vodacom purchased a 40% share stake in Zoopy and increased their stake to 75% as announced on February 13, 2009, before purchasing the full 100% of the company in September 2010.
On 1 February 2011, Zoopy repositioned itself as a mobile video entertainment platform, delivering videos of the latest news, sport and entertainment in 90 seconds or less.
At the end of February 2012, director Gerry Da Silva resigned from the company. At the end of September 2012, directors Pat Elk and Jason Elk left the company.

</doc>
<doc id="14456561" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14456561" title="Juan Valdez Café">
Juan Valdez Café

Juan Valdez Café is a multinational coffeehouse chain based in Colombia that specializes in coffee retail. Its purpose is to become a member of the worldwide coffee restaurant business, and promote Colombian coffee. It was created by Colombia's National Federation of Coffee Growers through Procafecol S.A.; the latter being a company established in 2002. It was named after "Juan Valdez", Colombia's longtime coffee icon and a household name in the United States.
Juan Valdez Café sells 100% Colombian coffee, drip brewed coffee, espresso-based drinks, other hot and cold drinks, snacks and items such as mugs, shirts and jackets. Juan Valdez brand ground coffee beans are also sold at grocery stores.
The founding of Juan Valdez Café fulfilled the aspirations of Colombian coffee makers, who for decades advocated for the creation of a national brand. During the 1960s and 1970s, the Colombian Coffee Federation opened some outlets in Argentina and Spain, but those were closed before 1985.
However, as early as 2000, the situation was different: market prices for green coffee beans were low, and coffee had become popular everywhere, allowing for the rapid growth of coffeehouses. This opportunity was seized by Colombia's Federación Nacional de Cafeteros de Colombia in September 2002, when they established Juan Valdez Café as their official coffeehouse brand. The first location was opened in Bogotá, followed in Medellín and Cali, and later in other cities. The first international location was opened in the United States, and the company is currently in expansion.
The National Federation of Coffee Growers of Colombia established the Juan Valdez cafés as part of a marketing campaign to promote fair trade coffee. Consumers automatically support the farmers when they patronize the store. In Colombia, the coffee industry accounts for over 8% of the GDP, employing directly and indirectly more than a million people and farms spanning over half the number of towns in the whole country. The federation, established in 1927, is owned and controlled by 500,000 farmers who grow their coffee on small farms, as opposed to plantations. The issue of fair prices for coffee farmers became even more important in 2000 when coffee prices steadily dropped from $1.30 a pound in January to 75 cents a pound by December because of increased production, according to the International Coffee Organization.
Since 1960, the federation has spent $600 million building the Juan Valdez brand. However, its advertising campaign went dark in 2001 as coffee prices hit all-time lows. The federation plans to spend $75 million in the next five years to reposition itself as an upscale specialty-coffee region with a diverse line of coffee.
Juan Valdez is the only international coffeehouse authorized to officially sell Colombian coffee. In September 2007 it was given protected designation of origin granted by the European Union after an international dispute won by the Colombian National Federation of Coffee Growers on intellectual property, and the lawsuit brought against a Costa Rica-based company using the Juan Valdez slogan (Juan Valdez drinks Costa Rican coffee).
As of 2014, Juan Valdez has 300 company-owned, joint-venture and licensed outlets in the world. International expansion, which began in 2005, brought new locations to Aruba, Guayaquil, La Paz, Madrid, Miami, New York City, San José, Costa Rica, Panama City, Lima, Quito, Santiago and Washington D.C.. Despite recent closures in the United States and Spain, the company aims to continue its expansion worldwide through a franchising scheme. The company has plans to keep expanding in Ecuador, Chile, San José, Costa Rica, Panama and the United States, as well as opening in new markets such as Mexico, Peru, Venezuela and the Middle East. However, the chain is still underrepresented in many countries compared to other world wide coffee chains.

</doc>
<doc id="14457570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14457570" title="George Adlam &amp; Sons">
George Adlam &amp; Sons

George Adlam & Sons Ltd (formerly known as George Adlam) was an iron and brass foundry and engineering company in Fishponds, Bristol, England.
The company was founded around 1800 and became a limited company in 1908.
The company was based on Parnall Road in the 1830s and soon expanded into a worldwide business building machinery for the chocolate and brewing industries, taking over the former foundry of Parnall & Sons. Work included the construction of the Phillips & Sons Dock Road Brewery in Newport in 1887, the rebuild of Portsmouth United Breweries in 1896, the Wadworth Northgate Brewery stationary steam engine in 1900 (which still exists) and design of the Madras BBB brewery in India in 1913.
In 1945 they described themselves as brewers and general engineers, coppersmiths, vat and back makers, sheet metal workers, brass and ironfounders, showing the diversity of their work. The height came in 1961 when they had booming orders and employed 400 staff round the clock to meet demand. It was not to last as a combination of a High Court noise case and a lack of raw materials curtailed firstly the production of brewing tanks, then led to the company collapsing in November 1963. The brewery tank business moved to Cheltenham and the site was sold in 1965.
The foundry frontage, constructed of stone with brick window surrounds, is now known as "The Mill" or the Adlams Works on Parnall Road is now used as residential and Art, Media and Design company offices including the Rohan Music Studios and Intellect Publishers.
The company later acquired Parnall & Sons.
The company designed and fabricated brewery plant, with its first recorded design for a brewery dated 1885.
In 1944 the company designed a brewing ship for the Royal Navy to serve soldiers with beer in the Pacific Theatre in World War II capable of making 250 barrels of beer a week. Initially four were ordered, but this reduced to two and the former Blue Funnel Line 7,500 ton auxiliary minesweepers and , were outfitted in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, in the summer of 1945.
Only "Menestheus" saw service, completed on 31 December 1945 and completing a six-month deployment to Pacific ports including Yokohama, Shanghai and Hong Kong to dispense English Mild ale to sailors. Her brew house, known as "Davy Jones Brewery" was dismantled in 1946 and the ship was returned to her owners in 1948.

</doc>
<doc id="14458558" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14458558" title="Pareto Group">
Pareto Group

Pareto Group is a Norwegian holding company that owns several financial brokers, including 75% of Pareto Securities and the shipbroker Bassøe. In 2008 Pareto started its own bank, Pareto Bank. In 2006 it had 5.1% of the trade on the Oslo Stock Exchange. The company is owned by Svein Støle (80.1%), Anders Endreson (12.8%) and Erik Bartnes (6.4%).
The company was founded in 1986 by Oslobanken, and bought by Svein Støle and some other investors in 1992 for about NOK 50 million. During Støles management the company has developed itself to be one of the most important broker houses for the offshore industry. Pareto Securities' Corporate Finance team is number one in the Norwegian market for IPOs, measured both by number of deals and by value of the deals. In addition, the firm is distinguished in both equity and high-yield trading.

</doc>
<doc id="14460931" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14460931" title="SUP Media">
SUP Media

SUP (Russian: "СУП", which means 'soup') is an international online media company, founded in Moscow in mid-2006 by Andrew Paulson and Alexander Mamut. Its ownership is split between Mamut, Kommersant Publishing House and management.
SUP’s first major announcement was a licensing agreement with Six Apart that gave SUP rights to use the LiveJournal brand, as well as operate portions of the LiveJournal service for LiveJournal’s Russian users. SUP subsequently purchased LiveJournal outright from its previous owners, Six Apart. Since its launch SUP has grown through acquisition and organically. In June 2008 Kommersant, a leading Russian media company, acquired a significant minority stake in the business.
SUP is split into two business divisions, one is SUP Media, which includes Gazeta.ru (a popular online news site); Championat.com (an online sports site); and LiveJournal.com (a widely used blogging platform). The other business line is SUP Advertising, which includes +SOL (an online sales house which sells SUP's inventory, Russian media sites and foreign media sites including Yahoo, the BBC, Last.fm and a number of newspaper sites) and Victory SA, a digital marketing agency.
In 2013, SUP was merged with Rambler.
SUP corporate
SUP media
SUP advertising

</doc>
<doc id="14460964" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14460964" title="Monaco Coach Corporation">
Monaco Coach Corporation

Monaco is a recreational vehicle (RV) brand, manufactured in Decatur, Indiana, by Allied Recreation Group. Monaco holds an iconic portfolio of popular Class A Diesel motorhomes, including Diplomat and Dynasty. Monaco is led by Monaco President, Mike Snell, and Allied Recreation Group President, Jim Jacobs. Allied Recreation Group is a subsidiary of Allied Specialty Vehicles.
Allied Recreation Group was established in 2013 following the acquisition of Monaco and Holiday Rambler. Allied Recreation Group is one of the leading manufacturers of Class A Gas, Class A Diesel, and Class C Gas products for Fleetwood RV, American Coach, Holiday Rambler, Monaco, and Trek. Allied Recreation Group maintains significant manufacturing operations, including a state-of-the-art ARG Factory Service Center in Decatur, Indiana, and Coburg, Oregon; and a national OEM Retail Parts Store.
Monaco was incorporated in 1968 as the Caribou Manufacturing Company. They began building pickup campers. The most popular line was named "Monaco." In 1977 the name was changed to Monaco Coach Corporation. It acquired the Roadmaster Chassis Division of Chrysler Corporation in 1984 and the Holiday Rambler Division of Harley-Davidson in 1996. In 1987 Kay Toolson was appointed President. Monaco manufactured seven brands of motorhomes and RVs, including Monaco, Beaver Motorcoach Corporation, Safari Motorcoach Corporation, McKenzie, Holiday Rambler, R-Vision, and Roadmaster Chassis. In 1994 Monaco President Kay Toolson announced they would move their Junction City operations to the Coburg Industrial Park in Eugene, Oregon.
On March 4, 1996, the Monaco Coach Corporation acquired from Harley-Davidson, Inc. certain assets of Holiday Rambler (the "Holiday Acquisition") in exchange for $21.5 million in cash, 65,217 shares of Redeemable Preferred Stock (which was subsequently converted into 230,767 shares of Common Stock), and the assumption of most of the liabilities of Holiday Rambler. Concurrently, the Company acquired ten Holiday World Dealerships for $13.0 million, including a $12.0 million subordinated.
In 2005, the company had sales of approximately US$1.2 billion, and employed nearly 5,400 people.
On March 5, 2009 the company filed for Chapter 11 bankrutpcy. On April 24, 2009 in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Delaware, an attorney for Monaco said the company had signed an asset purchase agreement with Workhorse International Holding Co., a Navistar International subsidiary. Monaco's CEO was Kay Toolson. On June 23, 2009, Judge Kevin Carey agreed to the company’s request to convert its Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing to a Chapter 7 case so it could liquidate its remaining assets which included seven properties in Oregon, Indiana and Florida as well as RV resort properties in California, Nevada, Florida and Michigan were sold to multiple buyers. The order converting the case to Chapter 7 was effective June 30. Navistar International Corp purchased the core assets of Monaco Coach Corporation's factories, inventory, brands and intellectual property in June 2009 for $47 million and the company's new name became Monaco RV LLC. Upon the sale of its remaining assets liquidated under Chapter 7, “the entity ceases to exist,” said Andrea Coles-Bjerre, an assistant law professor at the University of Oregon and a former bankruptcy lawyer in New York.
In 2013 as part of Navistar International Corp. restructuring Monaco RV LLC was sold to Allied Specialty Vehicles

</doc>
<doc id="14461779" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14461779" title="Picobrouwerij Alvinne">
Picobrouwerij Alvinne

Picobrouwerij Alvinne is a small brewery in the small hamlet of Moen near the Belgian city of Zwevegem. The name of the brewery derives from a female spirit of local folk tales, who can be seen depicted on the brewery's logo and labels.
The brewery creates a wide range of beers, including versions of 'traditional' Belgian styles such as Strong Golden Ales, Abbey-style beers and Saison, as well as original creations that cross stylistic boundaries and beers inspired by styles from outside their home country like Imperial Stout. Although quite small and a newcomer to the Belgian brewing world, being founded in 2002, Alvinne has gained international attention, no small feat in this brewery-intensive nation.
The use of the term "Picobrouwerij" is a play on the scientific terminology for very small objects. It is based on the fact that the brewery's production is smaller by several orders of magnitude than that of a typical microbrewery. The prefix Pico- is playfully combined with "brouwerij", the Dutch and Flemish term for brewery.
At the beginning of Alvinne's existence in 2002, they brewed their beers at the De Graal brewery premises in Brakel, East Flanders, later moving to their own premises in the town of Ingelmunster proper in 2003. In 2006 they relocated again to their current facility in Heule.
The tiny brewery makes beer about 3 times per week to make up the annual volume. A brew kettle of 600 liter capacity is used, but batch volume is restricted to 300 liters for the stronger beers due to the limited size of the mash/lauter tun. There are four 1000 liter steel fermentation tanks.
The Alvinne products are generally only available in 33cl bottles (of the short, squat variety popularly associated with beers like Duvel) and on tap. All of the Alvinne beers are and are unfiltered and unpasteurized. The brewery lists most ingredients of their beers on the label. English and Czech hop varieties are most common in their recipes, and the beers produced combine traditional Belgian brewing techniques such as the use of sugar and spices with the methods and styles of other nations. The large quantity of beer styles in production is particularly uncommon for a brewery of such modest size, as is the fact that the diverse brews are created using different commercially-available yeast strains (as opposed a single 'house' strain) to obtain specific flavors and aromas.
In addition to marketing their products under their own names, the brewery also follows the Belgian practice of offering "label beers" (Etiketbieren) for pubs, restaurants and other establishments. In this practice batches of the beer are produced and given a special label with the name and design of the client. These are typically the same beer recipes as the regular line, merely issued under a different title. Brewer Glenn Castelein also teaches a noted annual brewing course.
Alvinne has made its brewing apparatus available for projects by selected acquaintances and others. This includes the "Kroegbier" line of brews made by the owners of the 't Kroegske craft beer pub in nearby Emelgem.

</doc>
<doc id="14464193" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14464193" title="REWE Group">
REWE Group

The REWE Group is a German diversified retail and tourism co-operative group based in Cologne, Germany. The name REWE comes from Revisionsverband der Westkauf-Genossenschaften", meaning "Western Buying Co-operatives Auditing Association". The most important companies under the umbrella of the REWE Group operate under the REWE-Central AG and REWE-Zentralfinanz eG names. The basis of the co-operative trade group consists of a network of independent retailers. In the 2014 financial year, the REWE Group had a total external sales of €51.1 billion. The REWE Group is the second largest supermarket chain in Germany behind EDEKA.
DER Touristik is the tourism division of Rewe Group: 
In June 2015, it signed an agreement with Kuoni Travel that will pass on control over their European tour operations over to DER. The deal is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2015. 
In 1979, Rewe won a significant case in the European Court of Justice, the Cassis de Dijon case.

</doc>
<doc id="14464325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14464325" title="GO (Malta)">
GO (Malta)

GO p.l.c. is a Maltese integrated telecommunications company. It is a quadruple play provider that offers local and long distance telephone services, wireless services, digital terrestrial television, and DSL Internet access. GO is based in Marsa, Malta.
Undersea telegraph cable from Malta was first laid to Sicily in 1857 and to Egypt in 1868 by various operations which came to be consolidated in 1928 into one company which was renamed Cable & Wireless in 1934. The Telemalta Corporation Act of 1974 created Telemalta which was given monopoly rights as both the operator and regulator of all telecommunications services. Maltacom was created in 1997 as a public limited company and assumed the assets of Telemalta. The Government retained a 60% stake in Maltacom and sold 40% to the general public by 1998.
In 1999, a second mobile communications licence was issued to Mobisle Communications Limited, a subsidiary of Maltacom p.l.c. on condition that the parent company divest itself of its 20% share holding in Vodafone Malta within six months of Mobisle's launch. In late 2000, Mobisle launched a GSM network branded as GO Mobile. In May 2006 the Maltese government sold its 60% stake in Maltacom to the Dubai Holding subsidy TECOM Investments.
In February 2007, Maltacom Group acquired Multiplus and became the sole shareholder of the company. With the acquisition of Multiplus, Maltacom Group became Malta’s only quadruple-play telecoms organisation in Malta.
On June 12, 2007 Maltacom Group was rebranded as GO. It signified the merger of the 4 brands Maltacom, Maltanet (an ISP), Multiplus (a DTTV provider) and GO Mobile.
GO provides voice, mobile, TV and broadband grouped as GO Business, GO Mobile and GO Plus. GO Business is aimed at the corporate market and includes fixed line, broadband and digital TV as well as in hosting and co-location services. GO Mobile handles both business and personal mobile services while GO Plus is all about the home with fixed line, broadband and digital TV.
Tunisian telecommunications company Tunisie Telecom decided to purchase 60% share of the telecommunications company "Go Malta" from the Emirati EIT for 200 Million euros in June 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="14464664" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14464664" title="Veyond Partners">
Veyond Partners

Veyond Partners (known as Veyond) is a research, consulting, and venturing firm based in Seoul, South Korea. The company was established December 19, 2005 by Yunho Chung and Yougil Lim.
Veyond provides research, insights, trends and knowledge in the Korean TMT (Telecom, Media & Technology) industry. Also, a professional connecting service and consulting/advisory services are provided to global clients who want to utilize from Korea's advanced Digital Economy experiences.
The firm maintains a global perspective and the primary strategy is to provide professional services to foreign clients who want to investigate Korean market. For that reason, the working language is English and not Korean.
Veyond Partners website
Veyond Partners Blog
Veyond Partners Slideshare

</doc>
<doc id="14467272" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14467272" title="Sinotruk (Hong Kong)">
Sinotruk (Hong Kong)

Sinotruk (Hong Kong) Limited is incorporated in Hong Kong in 2004. Its parent company, China National Heavy Duty Truck Group, is the third largest heavy truck manufacturer in Mainland China, located in Jinan, Shandong.
It was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 November 2007. At the first trading day, its share price was closed at HK$10.86, which is much lower than its IPO price, HK$12.88, due to poor investment atmosphere in the sliding stock market at that time.
Since 10 March 2008, Sinotruk (Hong Kong) joined Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index Constitute Stock (Red chip stock).
In 2009, the German truck maker MAN bought a 25% + 1 share stake in Sinotruk (Hong Kong).
Sinotruk manufactures cargo trucks and semi-tractor trucks that are used in a range of industries including construction, container transportation, mining and steel production (Howo and Sitrak).
The company and its state-owned parent sold around 125.000 heavy duty trucks in 2009 and accounted for about 20.1 per cent of China's heavy duty truck market. Sinotruk's overseas sales, mostly to developing markets such as countries of the former Soviet Union and Middle East states, accounted for about 19 per cent (FY2007) both in terms of units sold and revenue.
Fuel-efficient trucks currently account for about 80 per cent of the company's production.

</doc>
<doc id="14467580" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14467580" title="Celulosa Arauco y Constitución">
Celulosa Arauco y Constitución

Celulosa Arauco y Constitución (also called CELCO or ARAUCO) is a Chilean wood pulp, engineered wood and forestry company controlled by Anacleto Angelini's economic group; Empresas Copec. In 2006 CELCO/ARAUCO had five pulp mills in Chile and one in Argentina. Apart from pulp mills, CELCO/ARAUCO has 4 engineered wood manufacturing plants in Chile, 2 in Argentina and 2 in Brazil. 
The company was founded in September 1979 as result of the fusion of Celulosa Arauco S.A. (1967) and Celulosa Constitución S.A. (1969). Both companies had been privatized during the Pinochet Era from CORFO in 1977 and 1979 respectively.
In May 2009 Arauco and the Finnish company Stora Enso announced a € 253 million deal that would make their joint venture the largest landowner in Uruguay.
In September 2009 Arauco purchased the Brazilian panel company Tafisa Brasil in a deal worth US$227m.
Beginning in 2004, and just months after the opening of CELCO's Valdivia plant, thousands of black-necked swans in the internationally protected Ramsar site and national reserve Carlos Anwandter in Chile died or migrated. The Valdivia pulp mill, located upriver, was widely blamed. The mill is located near the city of Mariquina and discharges directly into the Cruces River which feeds the wetlands. The company had been dumping more dioxins and heavy metals than had been approved by the regulating agencies into the river from a waste tube that had been approved by the authorities. It had also been producing far above levels approved in its Environmental Impact Assessment, and was cited for multiple violations of environmental and health laws. The scandal prompted Celco's chief executive to resign in June 2005 and the company to pledge to adopt cleaner technologies. The plant was temporarily closed by authorities but then allowed to reopen two months later at limited production capacity. Several legal actions were finally settled in the company's favor at the Chilean Supreme Court. However, it later was revealed that this decision was based on a report that CELCO had itself produced and falsely claimed was authored by the University of Concepcion. This caused Chile's president Ricardo Lagos to declare that the company had gone too far and was harming the country's image. 
A report contracted by the Chilean government to the regional university (Universidad Austral de Chile) found that the company's pollution was responsible for rapid ecological change in the wetlands leading to the decline of populations of swans and other water birds. This finding was reviewed and validated by other independent entities including an international commission organized by the World Wildlife Fund (WWF). However, scientists at the Pontifical Catholic University funded by CELCO have disputed the causality between the plant's pollution and the swan population decline. In July 2007 CELCO agreed to pay CLP$614 millions to Valdivian tourism companies to avoid legal actions for supposed losses of the tourism sector of Valdivia due to contamination of Carlos Anwandter Nature Sanctuary. In a document signed by the tourism companies CELCO was exempted from all responsibility involving the contamination of Cruces River. CELCO also promised to pay CLP$2 million monthly for three years to promote tourism. Chile's equivalent of an Attorney General's office was suing the company to compensate for the environmental harm done. By 2012 the black-necked swan population had still not recovered beyond a few hundred individuals, down from its estimated population of 7,000 individuals before the crisis.
In December 1999 the pulp mill Licancel (located in the coast of Curicó, Maule Region) was accused of causing the death of hundreds of fish due to the dumping of wastewater into Mataquito River. In June 2007 Licancel once again caused the death of fish in the river. The sanitary authorities ordered a temporary closure of the plant for 30 days, and CELCO dismissed three executives. Two weeks later of industrial waste water escaped from a broken pipeline, of which 50,000 reached the river. CELCO said that it was an industrial accident, that they would close the plant until further notice, and that the spill would not have any impact on the environment. The Secretary of State for the Environment said that, despite having large financial and technical resources, CELCO had an extremely poor environmental record.

</doc>
<doc id="14467636" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14467636" title="Celco">
Celco

Celco is a CRT film recorder manufacturing company. The company has developed xCRT advanced imaging technology that every Celco's recorders are using.
Two brands of Celco's film recorder, Fury and Firestorm 2X, are only two film recorders that supported to record 70 mm IMAX film format.
Obsolete stuff
Arrilaser – Arri's laser film recorder using laser light source.

</doc>
<doc id="14468115" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14468115" title="Edelsbrunner Automobile München">
Edelsbrunner Automobile München

Edelsbrunner Automobile München was a small Bavarian car company based in Munich, Germany.
At the beginning of 1990 the company began producing a small series of two cars in the style of the thirties. Inspired by legendary driver Tazio Nuvolari, the first Roadster was the EAM Nuvolari S1. In the presence of the sister and other relatives of Tazio Nuvolari, the Nuvolari S1 was formally presented and introduced to the public.
Unfortunately the German market at that time was very small and these cars were not successful.
EAM might have been inspired by Nuvolari but the cars design is very much British and loosely based on the 1934 Riley MPH.
Their first model, in Green, was actually exhibited at the Munchen or Frankfurt Motor show.
There were two types:
The Nuvolari S1 was only produced in small numbers and the R1 model R1 did not get beyond a prototype.

</doc>
<doc id="14468606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14468606" title="Countrywide Legal Indemnities">
Countrywide Legal Indemnities

Countrywide Legal Indemnities is a British title insurance company founded in 1994 and is named in the Solicitors Journal as being “one of the country’s leading intermediaries”. The company is based in Norwich, Norfolk and, , employs around seventy staff.
Countrywide Legal Indemnities is an underwriting agency that works with conveyancing professionals. They supply legal indemnity insurance and protection to individuals and firms purchasing property or land with a title defect.
In 1997, Countrywide became the first legal indemnity provider to be endorsed by The Law Society, providing its members with a Defective Title insurance Scheme and other related indemnities on their behalf. This endorsement lasted until 2009, when Countrywide decided not to tender for its renewal.
In 2007, the "Sunday Times" listed Countrywide Legal in 34th place in its list of "Best 100 Companies".
Since 2001, local authorities in England have been testing land for harmful chemicals under the new environmental measures that were introduced and this has encouraged firms such as Countrywide to develop policies to protect against the threat of historical contaminated land.
Countrywide Legal Indemnities also launched a Japanese knotweed indemnity policy in 2015 due to changes on the TA6 property form, and the increasing amount of properties affected by knotweed.

</doc>
<doc id="14468796" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14468796" title="RTI International Metals">
RTI International Metals

RTI International Metals (RMI Titanium Company Inc.(Reactive Metals Inc.)) which was founded in 1950, is a leading US producer of titanium mill products and fabricated metal components for the global market. Through its various subsidiaries, RTI manufactures and distributes titanium and specialty metal mill products, extruded shapes, formed parts and engineered systems for aerospace, industrial, defense, energy, chemical and consumer applications for customers around the world. The company is commonly referred to simply as RTI. The vice chairman, president and chief executive officer is Dawne Hickton.
Its major U.S. operations are based at its Pittsburgh headquarters with facilities in Martinsville, Virginia; Niles, Ohio; Canton, Ohio; Salt Lake City, Utah; Road Spring, Texas; Houston, Texas; Washington, Missouri; Windsor, Connecticut; Garden Grove, California; Indianapolis, Indiana; Sullivan, Missouri; and Montreal, Canada. Its overseas operations are based in the United Kingdom, Germany, France, Italy, and China.
In March, 2015, RTI International Metals, Inc. was acquired by Alcoa in a stock-for-stock transaction valued at $1.5 billion. 
On Nov 10, 2005, RTI International Metals, Inc. restated its consolidated statement of cash flows for 2004 form 10-K and March 31 and June 30, 2005, Forms 10-Q, due to a newly founded error in the manner in which the company previously classified cash flows from the tax effects of the exercise of employee stock options. 
In 2007, the company was ranked 7th on CNNMoney.com's list of the United States' 100 fastest growing companies.
RTI announced plans in 2007 to build a new premium-grade sponge plant contiguous to the Tronox plant in Hamilton, Mississippi. In 2010, RTI announced that it would indefinitely idle its plans to construct the plant in favor of two long-term contracts with Toho Titanium Co., Ltd. and OSAKA Titanium Technologies. 
RTI International also has a plant in Laval, Quebec (Canada) called RTI Claro.

</doc>
<doc id="14469690" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14469690" title="Disney Theatrical Group">
Disney Theatrical Group

The Disney Theatrical Group, legally Buena Vista Theatrical Group Ltd., is the live show, stageplay and musical production arm of The Walt Disney Company. The company is led by Thomas Schumacher, and forms a part of The Walt Disney Studios, one of the five major business segments of The Walt Disney Company.
Starting in 1949, Ice Capades started adding Disney's segment to their performances. Costumes from those shows were used at the opening of Disneyland in 1955 with some performers hired away for Disney. With the characters a hit at the 1964 World's Fair, Walt wanted another outlet for "live" characters. Disneyland put on "Disney on Parade," a self-produced live arena show, starting in 1969. After several years, Card Walker shut down the show as it was not making enough profit.
Soon after Mattel/Feld Productions' 1979 purchased the Ice Follies And Holiday on Ice, Inc., Feld approach Disney about doing a Disney show on ice. Thus Walt Disney's World on Ice premiered in 1981. Disney Studio co-produced "Largely New York" with Kenneth Feld, owner of Feld Entertainment, that premiered on at St. James Theatre.
On , Disney incorporated Walt Disney Theatrical Productions, Limited with Ron Logan as president to produce "Beauty and the Beast: A New Musical", which opened at the Palace Theater on . In 1997, DTP reopened New Amsterdam with "King David". Peter Schneider was promoted to Disney Studios president in , while Thomas Schumacher was promoted to president of Walt Disney Feature Animation and Walt Disney Theatrical Productions while both are made co-presidents of Disney Theatrical.
Walt Disney Imagineering created Disney Fair, a $30-million U.S. traveling attraction that took up 5 acres. The fair started its 15 city 15-month tour at Puyallup, Washington in . With poor attendance, the fair was pulled after a few stops. Disney Entertainment Projects (Asia Pacific) Inc., a new Disney Asian Pacific subsidiary, selected a renamed fair called DisneyFest as its first project. The 1,000-ton show was transported by ship to Singapore. The festival opened on there during the year-end holiday season for a three-month period.
Buena Vista Theatrical Group Ltd. was the name of Disney Theatrical Productions as of with Disney Theatrical Productions becoming its first division. In , the formation of the group along with Hyperion Theatricals, Disney's second production division, to oversee Hyperion and Disney Theatrical Productions (DTP) was announced. Hyperion's first production was "Aida" and all other non-Disney animation based productions were placed under Hyperion. In , all three US DTG shows, both Hyperion and DTP, were placed under the "Disney on Broadway" banner, then under "Disney on Broadway on Tour" when the shows went on national tour.
Schneider's promotion to studio chair left Schumacher as the only president of DTG in January 2000. Schneider left Disney Studio in to form his own theater production company partly funded by Disney.
In 2003, Music Theatre International became licensing agent for Disney musicals and plays for the school performances. After May 2007, Buena Vista Theatrical Group changed its trade name to Disney Theatrical Group. DTG's Disney Live Family Entertainment signed a 10-year agreement with Feld Entertainment for Disney on Ice, Disney Live and other Disney productions in .
On , the group closed its Glendale, California office and cut staff in a DTG reorganization. In , Disney Studios initiated a 5% layoffs across all unit including DTG as the Disney conglomerate moves towards a reorganization later in the year. On , the Group was an honoree at the Actors Fund Annual Gala. Disney India launched its Live Entertainment operations in 2015 with the production of "Beauty and the Beast "musical to be shown from October to December in Mumbai and Delhi".
Hyperion Theatricals was Buena Vista Theatrical Group secondary production division assign all non-Disney animation based productions. Hyperion shared its name with a Disney publishing label, which was named after the Silver Lake street that was Disney's first local address. The new production unit would focus on more traditional Broadway fare.
Hyperion Theatricals was formed in along with Buena Vista Theatrical Group Ltd., Disney's theatrical oversite company. Producers and heads of Disney Theatricals Peter Schneider and Thomas Schumacher were assigned to run Hyperion. Hyperion's first production was "Aida" with the in development "Hoopz" and all other non-Disney animation based productions were placed under Hyperion. "Hoopz", a Harlem Globetrotters based musical by Savion Glover, Reg E. Gaines, and Kenny Leon, was in work shop phase in second quarter 2000.
In , "Aida" was placed with Disney Theatrical Productions shows under the "Disney on Broadway" banner, then under "Disney on Broadway on Tour" when the show went on national tour starting . "Hoopz" was then hedged as to whether or not it would be released as a Hyperion or Disney Theatrical production.
Based on the opera by Giuseppe Verdi, it tells the story of a Nubian slave who falls in love with an Egyptian captain. It was written by Elton John and Tim Rice. It began previews on February 25, 2000 and officially opened on Broadway at the Palace Theatre on March 23, 2000. Aida closed on September 5, 2004 and ran for a total of 30 previews and 1852 performances. The Broadway production won four Tony Awards including Best Actress (Heather Headley), Best Scenic Design, Best Lighting Design and Best Music. Since its run on Broadway, it has had a U.S. national tour and productions around the world.

</doc>
<doc id="14472417" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14472417" title="3dvia">
3dvia

3DVIA is a brand of Dassault Systèmes that is focused on the development of 3D authoring, publishing, and hosting tools for professional and consumer markets. The company’s products are targeted at manufacturing, design, and marketing professionals with a stated mission of utilizing 3D technology as a communication medium.
The 3DVIA Community is a social network for 3D modelers, professionals and 3D enthusiasts.
3dvia composer is 3D technical communication software that lets users explain products using existing 3D data. Users can create high resolution 2D illustrations and 3D animations to support a variety of product deliverables such as technical documentation, 3D work instructions, animated service applications, and sales and marketing collateral.
3DVIA Hosting allows users to host, manage, and access their 3D assets from any web or iOS device at any time.
3DVIA Mobile is a 3D interactive content viewer for iOS platforms (iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch). It uses a propriety technology to take over 30 3D content formats and make them viewable on iOS devices.
3DVIA Shape is a free, online 3D modeling application that lets users create 3D models and share them in the 3DVIA Community. The application targets novice 3D modelers who want to design for recreational purposes, as well as experienced 3D modelers who need to create draft model prototypes.
3DVIA Store is a software solution developed for use by brand manufacturers and retailers. It enables users to realistically simulate retail settings inside immersive 3D environments.
3DVIA Studio is an interactive application authoring environment that was designed specifically to accept large CAD data assets and use them within game simulations and training applications. The application has also been used for entertainment titles within entertainment and social gaming.
3DVIA was formed in 2007 by Dassault Systèmes with the mission of democratizing 3D technology for use by consumer markets, new media, and non-engineering professional markets. The brand group was created through the collection of several internal projects and the earlier acquisition of Virtools, a popular gaming engine and prototyping application.
In 2007, 3dvia.com (renamed from teapotters.com) was released and focused on creating a social network and content community for 3D artists and modelers. The site allowed users to upload 3D content in numerous 3D formats and then interactively view them through a web-browser. Later in 2007, the company released a free 3D modeling application called 3DVIA Shape. It was targeted at consumers and used in a partnership with the Microsoft Virtual Earth program. The Microsoft Virtual Earth Shape version of the product was released as the official 3D modeling application for Microsoft’s 3D globe application.
The 3DVIA brand was further expanded in 2007 through the acquisition of Seemage. Rebranded as 3DVIA Composer, the Seemage product line focused on re-purposing existing product design data (CAD) for the creation of 2D and 3D “product communications” including technical illustrations, 3D animations, and interactive online applications.
3DVIA moved into the mobile market in 2008 with the release of 3DVIA Mobile, one of the first 3D model viewers on iOS. 3DVIA Mobile allowed users to view 3D models in an interactive view on an Apple iPhone and connected them to their content hosted on 3DVIA.com.
In early 2009, 3DVIA released 3DVIA Virtools Version 5, which was awarded the 2009 MITX Technology Award for the best use of video in support of the product launch.
The brand extended its reach into the indie-game market with the release of a free real-time game engine called 3DVIA Studio in March 2010. The product game users the ability to create and publish interactive 3D games and experiences to Facebook and 3dvia.com. It also allowed users to purchase content for use in their projects from the 3DVIA Market, an eCommerce service for 3D content, launched at the same time on 3dvia.com.
To support the release, 3DVIA also published and released one of the first 3D interactive social games on Facebook called Billions, Save Them All.
In June 2011, 3DVIA Hosting, a 3D file sharing service, was released.

</doc>
<doc id="14474185" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14474185" title="Stradivarius (clothing brand)">
Stradivarius (clothing brand)

Stradivarius () is an international women and men clothing fashion brand from Spain owned by the Inditex group.
Stradivarius was developed in 1994 as a family owned business with an innovative concept in fashion in Barcelona, Spain. However, Stradivarius joined the Inditex Group in 1999 and, currently, the brand is present in 62 countries with 925 stores all over the world.On February 1st 2017,Stradivarius launched its menswear collection,called "Stradivarius Man"
The number of Stradivarius stores in each country:

</doc>
<doc id="14475173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14475173" title="Stony Hill Vineyard">
Stony Hill Vineyard

Stony Hill Vineyard is located south of the Bothe-Napa Valley State Park in the northern reaches of the city of Saint Helena, California. The vineyard is a family-owned business which remained under family control after the death of the founders in 1977. Annual output as of 2007 was 3,400 cases from , c. 60% of which are planted with Chardonnay. The vineyard's business model focuses on mail order sales direct to individuals in California and indirectly to individuals in other states of the United States, as well as sales to fine-dining restaurants in major metropolitan areas in the United States.
In 1943 San Francisco advertising executive Fred McCrea and his wife Eleanor bought of homestead land on the west slope of the Napa Valley north of St. Helena. The name Stony Hill Vineyard evolved when they cultivated their first Chardonnay fields in 1947, followed shortly by plantings of Pinot blanc, White Riesling, Gewurztraminer and Semillon. Their first harvest was in 1952, and they sold their first Chardonnay in 1954.
Winemaker Mike Chelini came to Stony Hill in 1972, first as vineyard foreman and then as winemaker when Fred died in 1977. Since then Mike has overseen both vineyard and winery operations, supervising six full-time, year-round employees who hand tend the vines and hand pick the grapes. Recently Mike incorporated Napa County’s Fish Friendly Farming and Napa Green practices in the vineyards.
Peter and Willinda McCrea, the founders’ son and daughter-in-law, inherited Stony Hill in 1991 when Eleanor died and continue to run the business today. 
The winery was one of the first in California to achieve a commercial status that eventually came to be called "cult." Wineries in this group enjoyed demand that they could not supply, leaving the wines especially sought-after at all levels of the market. Two decisions seem to have made this possible: first, the commercial decision not to pursue wine sales through normal wholesale channels; second, the winemaking decision to maintain a rigorous commitment to a simple, direct and classical expression of a singular vineyard site, and a complete disregard for changing fashions in winemaking or consumer appeal. The McCreas pioneered the now common model of a winery's direct relationship to its final consumers through a mailing list, and, because of the great demand, eventually created a waiting list for their wines. This model was rare when they began to cultivate it but is widespread and even "industry standard" now. 
The winery's cult status might have faded somewhat as trophy wines based on Cabernet Sauvignon, not Chardonnay, took the fore in the 1990s and early 2000s, but now, under the effect of a pendulum swing in sommeliers' and journalists' tastes, the winery has returned to a cult status, with fervent demand from new generations of consumers.

</doc>
<doc id="14475960" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14475960" title="Big Blue Bubble">
Big Blue Bubble

Big Blue Bubble, Inc. is an independent Canadian developer, and publisher of mobile video games headquartered in London, Ontario, Canada, with an office in San Francisco, California. The company is best known for the My Singing Monsters mobile game franchise.
Founded in 2004 by industry veteran Damir Slogar, along with co-founders Claudette Critchley (COO) and Mark Maia (Creative Director), Big Blue Bubble specialized in casual games. Its first game, Bubble Trouble, was used in marketing campaigns by Nokia and it was followed by space thriller "Captain Lunar", which was used as a launch title for the Sony Ericsson T610. Soon after, Big Blue Bubble began adapting film and television franchises, such as "24" for handheld devices. In the mid to late 2000's, the company started moving towards console development, to include the Wii and PlayStation 2 platforms.
More recently, Big Blue Bubble has returned to its roots in mobile gaming, and following the 'freemium' business model. They have also begun focusing on original intellectual properties such as "My Singing Monsters", "Thumpies", and "Burn the Rope".

</doc>
<doc id="14476042" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14476042" title="Corbin (automobile)">
Corbin (automobile)

The Corbin was an American automobile manufactured from 1904 to 1912 in New Britain, Connecticut. Early cars were air-cooled, but the company later added water-cooling.
During 1912, the Model 30 for $2,000 and Model 40 for $3,000 were on display in Madison Square Garden.

</doc>
<doc id="14477647" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14477647" title="Quack.com">
Quack.com

Quack.com was an early voice portal company. The domain name later was used for Quack, an iPad search application from AOL.
It was founded in 1998 by Steven Woods, Jeromy Carriere and Alex Quilici as a Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA, based voice portal infrastructure company named Quackware. Quack was the first company to try to create a voice portal: a consumer-based destination "site" in which consumers could not only access information by voice alone, but also complete transactions. Quackware launched a beta phone service in 1999 that allowed consumers to purchase books from sites such as Amazon and CDs from sites such as CDNow by answering a short set of questions. Quack followed with a set of information services from movie listings (inspired by, but expanding upon, Moviefone) to news, weather and stock quotes. This concept introduced a series of lookalike startups including Tellme Networks which raised more money than any Internet startup in history on a similar concept.
Quack received venture funding in 1999 and moved operations to Mountain View in Silicon Valley, California in 1999. 
A deal with Lycos was announced in May 2000.
In September 2000 Quack was acquired for $200 million by America Online (AOL) and moved onto the Netscape campus with what was left of the Netscape team.
Quack was attacked in the Canadian press for being representative of the Canadian "brain drain" to the US during the Internet bubble, focusing its recruiting efforts on the University of Waterloo, hiring more than 50 engineers from Waterloo in less than 10 months. Quack competitor Tellme Networks raised enormous funds in what became a highly competitive market in 2000, with the emergence of more than a dozen additional competitors in a 12-month period.
Following its acquisition by America Online in an effort led by Ted Leonsis to bring Quack into AOL Interactive, the Quack voice service became AOLbyPhone as one of AOL's "web properties" along with MapQuest, Moviefone and others.
Quack secured several patents that underlie the technical challenges of delivering interactive voice services. Constructing a voice portal required integrations and innovations not only in speech recognition and speech generation, but also in databases, application specification, constraint-based reasoning and artificial intelligence and computational linguistics. "Quack"'s name derived from the company goal of providing not only voice-based services, but more broadly "Quick Ubiquitous Access to Consumer Knowledge".
The patents assigned to Quack.com include: System and method for voice access to Internet-based information, System and method for advertising with an Internet Voice Portal and recognizing the axiom that in interactive voice systems one must "know the set of possible answers to a question before asking it". System and method for determining if one web site has the same information as another web site.
Quack.com was spoofed in "The Simpsons" in March 2002 in the episode "Blame It on Lisa" in which a "ComQuaak" sign is replaced by another equally crazy telecom company name.
In July 2010, quack.com became the focus of a new AOL iPad application, that was a web search experience. The product delivers web results and blends in picture, video and Twitter results. It enables you to preview the web results before you go to the site, search within each result, and flip through the results pages, making full use of the iPad's touch screen features. The iPad app was free via iTunes, but support discontinued in 2012.

</doc>
<doc id="14478717" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14478717" title="Nib Health Funds">
Nib Health Funds

nib health funds (nib, formerly Newcastle Industrial Benefits) is a financier and facilitator of healthcare spending. It was established in the NSW Hunter Region in 1952 to provide health insurance for workers at the BHP Steelworks, and has since grown into a national and international operation, providing health and medical insurance to more than one million Australian and New Zealand residents.
In 2007, nib became the first private health insurance fund to list on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
A series of meetings of Eligible Policyholders and Company Members held in Newcastle on 19 July 2007 voted overwhelmingly in favour of demutualisation of the health fund. The Federal Court of Australia then approved the vote the following week with the demutualisation completed on 5 November 2007.
The share price opened at $AUD0.85.
In 2010, nib set about expanding the business globally, entering into the International Workers and International Students market.
To support this expansion, nib purchased IMAN International Pty Ltd, a specialist provider of health cover for temporary migrant workers in Australia for approximately $25 million.
In November 2012, nib acquired the New Zealand health insurer, TOWER Medical Insurance Limited (TOWER Medical), for approximately NZ$102 million (A$80 million). nib New Zealand is the country’s second largest health insurer, providing health and medical insurance to around 160,000 New Zealanders.
The Board of nib New Zealand is chaired by Alan Clarke, Managing Director and Chief Executive of Abano HealthCare.
Whitecoat is a free online search and comparison service that was developed and launched by nib in 2013. 
Whitecoat provides contact details and ratings information for more than 210,000 Australian healthcare providers across 25 different provider types, including dentists, optometrists, and physiotherapists. Along with providing publicly-available contact details for different healthcare providers, the Whitecoat website carries ratings information regarding availability, listening skills, explanation of treatment and likelihood to recommend as well as comments from customers about their overall service experience.
In 2014, Whitecoat allowed reviews from the public for the first time. Reviews are now sourced from Whitecoat users as well as members of affiliated private health insurers who have been provided with a billable service from the provider. It hosts more than 250,000 customer reviews and while the platform now includes allied healthcare providers such as dentists, physiotherapists, and general practitioners, it is looking to expand to include medical specialists. The site has been likened to being the 'Trip Advisor' of the healthcare sector.
In March 2014 nib launched nib Options, a fee-for-service product aimed to provide safe and reliable choices for consumers wishing to undertake cosmetic and major dental procedures in Australia or overseas. 
It is a bundled, one-stop service from the initial medical consultation assessment, actual surgery and post-surgery care, as well as travel arrangements, accommodation, concierge services for consumers who go overseas. Customers have a choice during the early assessment stage about where they would like to seek treatment, with nib Options accessing leading Australian plastic surgeons as well as fully qualified and credentialed plastic surgeons and dentists in overseas facilities.
In September 2014 nib partnered with leading global medical insurer AXA PPP International in launching a global health cover pilot product in New Zealand. nib global health provides comprehensive health and medical insurance cover to New Zealanders in most countries around the world.
Under the strategic alliance, nib underwrites the cover with AXA to service the product, including providing 24-hour customer assistance, claims management and access to their worldwide provider network.
nib established the nib foundation in 2008, following a $25 million donation from nib health funds, raised through the issue of new shares at the time of listing nib on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in November 2007. Each year, the foundation aims to provide up to $2 million in funding to support a range of Multi-Year Partners and Community Partners. Since inception, more than $12 million in grant funding has been provided to aid the development and delivery of health and wellbeing initiatives. The foundation is partnered with 60 Australian charities at a local and national level.
nib is ranked sixth of ten health insurance companies by social media service quality ranking website ServiceRage with 19% of all comments being positive.
nib sponsors a number of major sporting organisations in Australia and New Zealand, including the Newcastle Knights (NRL), NSW State of Origin team (NRL) and the Auckland Blues (Super Rugby).
nib is also the naming rights partner of Perth’s premier rectangular venue, nib Stadium, which is home to Western Force (Super Rugby), Perth Glory (A-League), WA Reds Rugby League and the South Sydney Rabbitohs (when playing in Perth).
Retired rugby league player, Paul Harragon, has been the face of nib in Australia since 1991.

</doc>
<doc id="14479214" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14479214" title="Sartorius AG">
Sartorius AG

The Sartorius group is an international pharmaceutical and laboratory equipment supplier, covering the segments of Bioprocess Solutions and Lab Products & Services.
In 2014, the technology group earned sales revenue of 891.2 million euros (2013: 791.6). Founded in 1870, the Göttingen-based company currently employs around 5,600 persons. 
The company consists of the two divisions 'Bioprocess Solutions' and 'Lab Products & Services'. "Bioprocess Solutions" includes the segments filtration, fluid management, fermentation and purification and focuses on the production processes of the biopharmaceutical industry. "Lab Products & Services" focuses on the production and servicing of laboratory instruments and consumables. Sartorius has its own production facilities in Europe, Asia and America as well as sales subsidiaries and commercial agencies in more than 110 countries. The Sartorius preference share has been traded at the German technology index TecDAX since 18 June 2012.
Within the Management Board, Reinhard Vogt is responsible for Marketing, Sales and Services, while Jörg Pfirrmann manages Finance, IT, General Administration and Human Resources as well as being Executive for Labor Relations. The CEO, Joachim Kreuzburg, is responsible for Corporate Strategy, Legal, Compliance as well as Communications. He also is Chairman of the Board and CEO of the subgroup " Sartorius Stedim Biotech ".
140 years ago in 1870 Florenz Sartorius (1846–1925) a Göttingen University Mechanician founded the fine precision weighing company called "Feinmechanische Werkstatt F. Sartorius" and began with the production of short-beam analytical balances. The new light weight material aluminum he used to produce these ensured rapid overseas sales.
To allow the use of hydro power the company moved north of Göttingen to Bovenden, the new factory provided work for 60 people. This move coincided with the production of the 3000th scale by the company in 1895. However, in 1899 the headquarters of the company was to move once more, this time to a plot near the Weender highway on the northern outskirts of Göttingen.
In 1906, the founder's three sons William (1872–1937), Erich (1876–1947) and Julius (1878–1918) became partners in their father's company. Shortly after in 1911, the company celebrated the construction of its 10,000th analytical balance. In 1914, Florenz and his sons turned the company into a stock corporation to expand its capital base.
During the First World War the company was converted into producing military hardware, and the successful foreign business wings of the company were broken off. After the war ended, the company returned to the proven business of weighing technology; however, it was not until the mid-1930s that the pre-war production figures were once again achieved.
With the start of the Second World War, the company was once again taken over for the purpose of building military hardware, this time for the air force, and for this purpose a new factory was completed in 1941.
Between the wars in 1927, the company under the name Membranfiltergesellschaft m.b.H. began the industrial production of membrane filters, an area of production developed from the Nobel prize winner Richard Zsigmondy and his associate Wilhelm Bachmann. This early phase of production is still the foundation for Sartorius’ bioprocess business which is used in the production of filters today.
2000<br>
Sartorius takes over " B. Braun Biotech International " (BBI) from the " B. Braun Melsungen AG ". BBI, the world's leading manufacturer of fermenters (bioreactor) and cell culture systems at the time, is integrated into the Sartorius group as " Sartorius Stedim Systems GmbH "(formerly " Sartorius BBI Systems GmbH "), a subsidiary of " Sartorius Stedim Biotech GmbH ". <br>
Sartorius AG acquires the remaining shares in Viva Science and is now the sole owner.
2005<br>
Sartorius acquires 100% of the shares of Omnimark Instrument Corporation, Arizona, USA (moisture analyzers).
2007<br>
Sartorius merges its biotechnology division with the French biotech company 'Stedim S.A.'. The resulting Sartorius Stedim Biotech is the world's leading technology provider for the biopharmaceutical industry. The new company is listed on the Paris stock exchange.
Sartorius takes over the " Toha Plast GmbH ", which now operates under the name " Sartorius Stedim Plastics ".
2008<br>
Through its subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius acquires the Swiss-based Wave Biotech AG, a leading provider of single-use bioreactors.
2011<br>
Sartorius acquires the liquid handling business of the Finnish laboratory specialists " Biohit ". Thus, the Group expands its product portfolio in the field of laboratory instruments.
2012<br>
Sartorius expands its bioprocess portfolio by cell culture media and enters a long-term cooperation agreement with the Swiss Life Science Group Lonza.
2013<br>
Through its subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius acquires the British firm TAP Biosystems Group plc; Expansion of bioprocess portfolio in fermentation.
2014<br>
Through its subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech Sartorius acquires a majority stake in the US start-up AllPure Technologies LLC, thus complementing the disposables portfolio for the biopharmaceutical industry.
2017<br>
The company acquired cell-based assay and instrumentation firm Essen BioScience, from private equity owner SFW Capital Partners, for $320 million.
In December 2014, Sartorius sells the division Industrial Technologies, a specialist in industrial weighing and control equipment, to the Japanese company Minebea Co., Ltd. Consequently, Sartorius concentrates on its core businesses bioprocess and laboratory. The operational structure of the Group therefore consists of the two divisions Bioprocess Solutions and Lab Products & Services.
In April 2015, Sartorius through its subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech (SSB) acquires the Scottish company BioOutsource Ltd., thus integrating bioanalytical testing services into the portfolio.
In July 2015, Sartorius through its subgroup Sartorius Stedim Biotech (SSB) acquires the Laupheim-based company Cellca, thus further expanding its service offering for process development.
In 2001, Sartorius receive the "Innovation Award of the German Economy" for its development of the GENIUS analytical balance. Two years later Sartorius competed for and received the "Initiative Prize" for training and continuing education from the Otto Wolf foundation, the German Chamber of Commerce and industry and the German-language weekly financial journal "Wochenmagazin".
In 2004, the company received the Frost & Sullivan award for its innovation in product differentiation technology. In 2005 Sartorius won the "Best innovator of 2005" from the category of ‘Time to profit" awarded by the international management consultant A.T.Hearney and German business magazine "Wirtschaftswoche".
In 2006, the international consulting company Frost and Sullivan awarded Sartorius the "2006 Growth Strategy Leadership Award".
In 2012, Sartorius won the reddot design award for its new electronic pipette "Picus".
In 2016, the Sartorius marketing campaign #passionforscience was nominated on the Shortlist (Top 5) for the Marketing Intelligence and Innovations Awards (MIIA) 2016 in the category Multi-Channel Strategy.

</doc>
<doc id="14481951" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14481951" title="GHD Group">
GHD Group

GHD Pty Ltd (formerly known as Gutteridge Haskins & Davey) is a multinational technical professional services firm providing engineering, architecture, environmental and construction consulting and management services.
GHD employs more than 8,500 people—engineers, architects, planners, scientists, project managers and economists— operating in over 200 offices across five continents serving clients in water, energy and resources, environment, property and buildings, and transportation markets. GHD has successfully delivered projects in over 135 countries.
GHD was founded as a private practice in Melbourne in 1928 by Alan Gordon Gutteridge who operated as a consulting engineer with focuses on water and sewerage. The partnership of Gerald Haskins and Geoffrey Innes Davey joined with Gutteridge's practice in 1939, establishing the formal partnership of Gutteridge Haskins & Davey. 
Since 2005, GHD has completed a series of strategic mergers and aquisitions in the USA, Canada, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, the Middle East, China, Chile and Malaysia.
Some significant projects undertaken by the company in the past decade include the design of the Sydney Opera House facade, land-use and infrastructure master plans of the Palm Islands in Dubai, and event overlays for the Sydney and Beijing Summer Olympics.
GHD was involved in several water infrastructure projects in the USA, including desalination projects for the City of Carlsbad, Camp Pendleton, City of Huntington Beach and South Orange Country in the USA. The company also worked on the Brisbane and Christchurch rebuilding efforts, Manila Sewerage implementation, Codelco Colon Processing Plant in Chile and the Oakura Sewerage scheme in New Zealand.
In the energy and resources sector, GHD worked on the Hawsons Magnetite Iron Ore Mine in Australia, QCLNG Export Pipeline in Australia and the Taysan Copper Mine in the Philippines.
In Environment, GHD was engaged on the HydroAysen Transmission System in Chile, Minimbah Bank Third Track Biodiversity project in Australia and the Townsville Marine Precinct also in Australia.
Property and Buildings projects included the Al Walkra Hospital in Qatar, the Kerikery Police Station in New Zealand and Richlands Rail Station in Australia.
In transportation, GHD worked on the Ahuri to Napier Transportation Link in New Zealand, the San Antonio Port Expansion in Chile and South Road Superway in South Australia.

</doc>
<doc id="14482760" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14482760" title="Loewe (electronics)">
Loewe (electronics)

Loewe Technologies GmbH (pronounced ) is the parent company of the German Loewe group. The Loewe group develops, manufactures and sells a wide variety of electronic, electrical and mechanical products and systems, and specialises in the field of consumer and communication technology. The company was founded in Berlin in 1923 by brothers Siegmund and David L. Loewe. The company has its headquarters and sole production facilities in Kronach, Franconia.
Today, the range has expanded to include televisions, Blu-ray players, DVD recorders, hard disk recorders, multiroom systems, speakers and racks. The trend is shifting from individual products to complete home entertainment systems.
Loewe is also represented internationally by sales partners and subsidiaries. These include subsidiaries in the Benelux countries, France, Italy and the UK. There are exclusive Loewe Galeries acting as flagship stores in many cities around the world, including Amsterdam, Copenhagen, Hong Kong, Amman, London, Madrid, Moscow, Paris, Rome and Vienna.
It all began in 1923 in Berlin, when Dr Siegmund Loewe and his brother David Ludwig Loewe established a radio manufacturing company called Radiofrequenz GmbH. Their work with the young physicist Manfred von Ardenne in 1926 led to the development of the triple tube, which was first used in the Loewe OE333 radio receiver. This tube prompted Loewe’s multi-tube production and is today lauded as the world’s first integrated circuit.
Television development began at Loewe in 1929. The company worked together with British television pioneer John Logie Baird. In 1931, Manfred von Ardenne presented the world’s first fully electronic television to the public on the Loewe stand at the 8th Berlin Radio Show.
When Hitler came to power in Germany, Siegmund Loewe had to emigrate to the USA in 1938, where he developed friendship with yet another forced emigrant, Albert Einstein.
In 1949, Siegmund Loewe regained possession of company property and took over as chairman of the supervisory board. In the 1950s, Loewe began producing the Optaphon, the first cassette tape recorder, and manufacturing televisions in Kronach. 1961 saw the first European video recorder, the Optacord 500, enter mass production.
In 1962, the family company tradition ended with the death of Siegmund Loewe. Subsidiaries of the Philips group took over the majority of shares. Under this management, which continued until 1985, the company increasingly specialised in the development and production of televisions.
In 1963, the first portable television, Loewe Optaport, was launched. It had a 25 cm screen and built-in FM radio. The first Loewe colour televisions were launched along with the introduction of colour television in Germany. In 1979 Loewe introduced a fully integrated chassis (everything on a single board) television production. The first European stereo television followed in 1981.
In 1985, management made Loewe a privately owned company again after Philips sold its shares. In the same year, Loewe created the Art 1, a new generation of TVs with a focus on design.
The CS1 represented another international first in 1995 as the world’s first fully recyclable television. At this time, the course was also set for systematic further development as a multimedia specialist.
1998 marked two more milestones in the company history: the launch of the Xelos @ media, the first television with internet access, and that of the Spheros, the first Loewe flat-screen television. In the following year, Loewe AG became a publicly listed company.
With the Individual, the first flat-screen TV with individual housing options, set-up solutions and inset colours, Loewe became a premium flat-screen TV manufacturer.
LED technology was adopted at Loewe in 2010 in the new Individual. In the following year, Loewe introduced 3D picture display to its Individual range.
Following financial hardships, in July 2013 the company filed for bankruptcy protection, but after subsequent severe financial losses, on 1 October 2013 the Loewe Group declared bankruptcy and entered in a self-administration insolvency process, The protective proceedings for Loewe AG and Loewe Opta GmbH have transitioned into a self-administration insolvency process (German: "Insolvenzverfahren in Eigenverwaltung"). The Coburg insolvency court approved a request on this matter from Loewe's management and confirmed self-administration. The business will remain fully operational beyond 1 October 2013.
On 17 January 2014 the company announced that Loewe's management board reached an agreement with an investor group composed of German family-run companies and former Apple and Bang & Olufsen managers. However their takeover of major assets from Loewe AG failed.
In March 2014 major assets from Loewe AG were taken by the Munich-based investor Stargate Capital GmbH. This secures the future of the traditional Loewe brand in Germany, under German ownership. 

</doc>
<doc id="14483822" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14483822" title="Thon Hotels">
Thon Hotels

Thon Hotels "(formerly known as Rainbow Hotels)" is owned by Olav Thon and was established in 1989. The Norwegian Olav Thon bought his first hotel in 1974, Hotel Bristol in Oslo. In 1983 Thon bought his second hotel, before he founded Rainbow Hotel in 1989, which included 10 hotels.
Over the next couple of decades, the hotel chain grew in numbers, and Thon extended his hotel business to Brussels in 1995 when he bought two hotels in the Belgium capital.
Rainbow Hotels rebranded to Thon Hotels in 2005, and is currently the 3rd largest hotel chain in Norway with 50-odd hotels in Norway, Belgium and the Netherlands.

</doc>
<doc id="14483976" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14483976" title="France Médias Monde">
France Médias Monde

France Médias Monde is a holding company which manages the three major public French media groups which broadcast or publish internationally. The company's subsidiaries consist of radio broadcaster Radio France Internationale (RFI), TV news broadcaster France 24, and 12.5% of the general entertainment and news network TV5Monde.
France Monde was the name of the initial project to house the various international branches of French external broadcasting under one roof, including Radio France International, France 24 and the French State's holdings in TV5Monde.
The shares that were in question were 100% of Radio France Internationale, 66.61% of TV5Monde (the remaining capital is held by the partner channels and some private investors) and 50% of France 24 (with the remainder held by TF1).
On 21 February 2008, it was announced the CEO of the network was appointed by French president Nicolas Sarkozy, as Alain de Pouzilhac, the former president of France 24, with Christine Ockrent, a journalist, serving as 'directrice générale déléguée' or 'Vice President'.
The appointment of Alain de Pouzilhac was met with strong hostility of the unions of the companies concerned. On Wednesday 17 September 2008, the director of France 24, Grégoire Deniau, quit his post and France 24's editor Bertrand Coq was made redundant. This inflamed the already tense atmosphere created over de Pouzilhac's role in the network
Once the idea had been solidified, it was renamed the 'Society of Exterior Audiovisual of France'. The former French president Nicolas Sarkozy stated that the SAEF would serve as an alternative to the BBC, CNN or Al Jazeera. It was expected that the combined funding, plus additional advertising revenue, would total €400 million.
At the end of 2010, the internal conflict between the two leaders de Pouzilhac and Ockrent broke out during an internal spying affair revealed by French newspaper Le Point. Christine Ockrent was therefore massively repudiated by the management teams at both SAEF and France 24. Two years later, de Pouzilhac tended his resignation on 12 July 2012. After the announcement, he was replaced by Marie-Christine Saragosse. After his resignation, Ockrent demanded €650,000 in severance payments, due to her being removed from vice-presidency as a result.
On 27 June 2013, AEF become France Médias Monde. With the rebrand, the holding company began to market itself explicitly for the first time, with new websites and branding created for all companies in the group, with 'A France Médias Monde channel' featured on France 24 press releases under its logo, and France Médias Monde links featured on each of its websites to emphasise the grouping of the different broadcasters.
The company was backed up by the signature of the first contract of objectives and means between the French State and the newly coined 'France Médias Monde' on 9 April 2014.

</doc>
<doc id="14484501" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14484501" title="Headwaters Incorporated">
Headwaters Incorporated

Headwaters Inc provides products, technologies, and services to construction materials, coal combustion products, and alternative energy industries in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="14484540" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14484540" title="Firebrand Games">
Firebrand Games

Firebrand Games is a video game development company with studios in Glasgow, Scotland, Florida, and Louisiana. The team specialises in the production of racing games. Firebrand Games was founded and is run by Mark Greenshields.

</doc>
<doc id="14486753" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14486753" title="LakeView Asset Management">
LakeView Asset Management

LakeView Asset Management, LLC is an American investment consultancy, specializing in customized account management for high-net-worth individuals and Asset Management. The company is based in Millburn, New Jersey. It is the company's policy not to release how much it manages, so there is no information to that matter.
LakeView Asset Management was founded by Scott Rothbort, in May 2002. Lakeview is a well known registered investment advisor in New Jersey, specializing in the management of customized separate accounts.

</doc>
<doc id="14487173" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14487173" title="Ural Automotive Plant">
Ural Automotive Plant

"For the defunct "Ural Automobiles and Motors" see Amur (company)"
The Urals Automotive Plant, Open Stock Company, (; Uralskiy Avtomobilnyi Zavod, UralAZ) is a major Russian manufacturer of off-road trucks under the Ural (Cyrillic: "Урал") brand and is part of the GAZ group. Located in the city of Miass, Chelyabinsk Oblast in the Ural Mountains, the plant was established in 1941 when the ZiS truck plant was evacuated from Moscow during World War II.
In the autumn of 1941 Soviet leaders decided to build a plant for the manufacture of military trucks named after Stalin : ZIS in Miass, Chelyabinsk Oblast in the Urals.
Since April 1942 the factory has produced engines and gearboxes. On July 8, 1944 the first truck ZIS-5V was built under the brand UralZIS. The new factory became the Ural branch of ZIS UralZIS and was named after Joseph Stalin. At the end of the war the ZIS-5 was considered simple and robust, and thus remained in production for many years. In 1947 the factory started to manufacture newer models.
In 1946 the production version of the gas-21A UralZIS 2.5t began to be fabricated. The truck was produced under the brand UralZIS-352. In 1949 the 5th version of UralZIS was equipped with hydraulic brakes.
A new model, the UralZIS-355, was released in 1956. However, in 1958 the new version of the ZIS-5 was made available for deliveries to Kazakhstan and remained in production until October 16, 1963 as an AMO-3 bypass Fiat.
The scientific institute of automotive standardization of Moscow had been working on a new SUV. Production of this type of truck had been assigned to the Ural factory – UralAZ – who got the brand new Ural. The factory had been rebuilt since 1961 and production of the Ural-375 (6x6) 5 t for the army was intensified. For this truck, a new engine was developed.
The 1960s were a period of great success for the brand UralAZ which won, for its quality products in large quantities, the Order of the Red Banner of Labour. UralAZ celebrated the total production of 530,000 trucks and 1.3 mln engines. In 1972 and 1975 the two vehicles appeared Ural-375H-377H and the Ural. The manufacture of 6x4 versions continued until 1983.
In 1977, a new 5-tonne truck Ural-4320 was created. KamAZ petrol engine replaced the Ural-375-740 V8 diesel KamAZ (10852 cm, 210HP). In 1981, based on a 4320 model truck 8 t the Ural-5920 was presented with a Caterpillar engine.
In 1987, UralAZ celebrated its millionth truck. Governmental industry reorganization and economic reforms forced UralAZ to become a private limited company and turn to the production of civilian vehicles. The models 43204 and 55571 emerged due to this.
Since June 1992 production of 6 t truck Ural-4322 (6x6) started with a new more contemporary cabin. It was equipped with the Ural-744 air cooled V8 engine with an output of 234 HP, diesel Kustanay (KDZ), a manufacturer of Deutz engines under license.
A fire occurred in the spring of 1993 at the engine plant KamAZ and seriously disrupted production. As a result, the company had to search for other engine suppliers.
UralAZ was traditionally oriented only to Russian companies, but began a collaboration with the Italian manufacturer Iveco in 1992. The first result of this joint venture model was presented in May of that year, which was the UralAZ-330-18t Iveco 30ANW (6x6) with a 306 HP, air-cooled diesel engine. Its Iveco chassis is imported.
The creation of the JV-UralAZ IVECO in 1994 allowed the small series production of the range of previously imported heavy trucks. The production of advanced IVECO cabins began in 1997.
UralAZ, like all Russian manufacturers, traditionally maintains a wide range for military off-road drive permanent. Besides the military versions of 43,206 trucks (4x4) and 4320-31 (6x6), UralAZ continuous production of 9 t trucks Ural-5323 (8x8).
Since 1997, military vehicles also provide the basis for civilian versions – universal frame of 15-t 53236 for the installation of special equipment. The truck 5323-22 (8x8) has cabins and advanced IVECO IVECO engine with two berths.
That same year the 6301 chassis (6x6) was presented with a payload of 10 t with the same cabin. As desired by the buyer, it is possible to install a V6 diesel engine Deutz liquid cooled with a capacity of 272,240 HP, the KamAZ-740.et gearboxes UralAZ, Eaton and Fuller .
Currently, the future of UralAZ is closely related to the creation of new models. UralAZ has a production capacity of 30,000 trucks. Depending on the evolution of the Russian market, production was reduced to 7,000, then 5,400. In 1998, UralAZ sold only 2,489 chassis and the factory came under the procedure of bankruptcy.
Collaboration between UralAZ and IVECO began in 1992.
In May the first result of joint activity was represented: the Iveco UralAZ 330-30ANW (6x6) with a gross weight of 33.5 ton. It has a diesel air-cooled 306 hp V8 engine Deutz. The vehicle was designed for an arctic climate with temperatures of -55 °C. The contribution of the Russian partner has been limited. The new vehicle replaces the Magirus-Deutz-2900-26K, developed in the 70s under the brand IVECO-Magirus and whose production was stopped in Europe many years ago. This became the basis of the production range of the new joint venture.
Iveco-UralAZ formed in late 1994 with a production capacity of 3600 vehicles per year. All production features the logo IVECO-UralAZ on the radiator grille. However, in the technical press Russian vehicles are frequently called Ural-Iveco.
The first truck is the cab-IVECO-UralAZ 5531, closely derived from the Iveco 330. Its composition allows for a road train of 60 t, as well as the tractor-trailer and truck 55311 6x4 or 6x6..
In 1997, a new cab appeared, the 6329 EuroTrakker, with several standard sizes. It replaced the old cab Fiat VI. The cabin is further forwards on the chassis. The short version of the car is used on trucks and semitrailer tractors for local transport. The 63291 has the main tractor cabin with two berths. The PTR of the entire road is 56 t with a maximum speed of 103 km/h. Annual production was increased to 9000. IVECO EuroTech is no longer manufactured in Western Europe.
In 2008, the ownership structure evolved and the Italian manufacturer Iveco became the majority owner. The General Meeting of April 7, 2009 decided to name the new company "Iveco-UralAZ" (Ru:Уралаз-Ивеко) which was renamed "Iveco-AMT" (Ru:Ивеко-АМТ) in April 16, 2009.
Iveco-AMT introduced brand new trucks named IVECO Trakker. "AMT" means: Automobile / HAI M / Turin. This is based on the locations of the two plants. The assembly is performed in the city of Miass, Chelyabinsk region, and component production takes place in Turin.
In 2015 production began of the first completely new truck for a long time. Cabine module of Ural Next unified with GAZ Gazelle NEXT LCV. The engine has increased power (312 hp). AWD system management became electro-pneumatic push-button. The lighting equipment uses LEDs. The instrument panel is an LCD display, and there is the USB-port. The basic package includes: electric power windows, central door lock with remote control, audio system with control buttons on the steering wheel, exterior mirrors with heating, air suspended driver's seat, heated fuel filter and fuel in-line, adjustable height steering wheel, and on-board computer. Additional optional equipment includes ABS, air conditioning, locking of differential, auxiliary fuel tank, engine block heater, and a set of door pockets.
UralAZ produces the following series of trucks:
Truck tractors
Ural fire appliance are manufactured in partnership with Ural-Siberian Fire and Technical Company which was founded as Ural trucks subsidiary UralAzSpetsmash.

</doc>
<doc id="14487304" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14487304" title="Celulose Irani">
Celulose Irani

Celulose Irani is a Brazilian pulp and paper company that was founded in 1941, by families of the State of Rio Grande do Sul – Brazil. 
At that time, in order to provide infrastructure for the company project, they also built a Village so the workers could live closer to the plant. It was settled in Campina da Alegria, a district within the City of Vargem Bonita, State of Santa Catarina - Brazil. Nowadays, the city holds approximately 1.300 inhabitants, most of them directly or indirectly related to IRANI.
In 1994, Habitasul Grupo took over and the company was restructured and taken to higher competitive standards. Today, IRANI produces from seeds to wood, paper, packaging and furniture.
Currently, IRANI have the following business divisions: Paper, Packaging, Furniture, Woods and Resins and Forest Division, which are situated in the following locations: Vargem Bonita (State of Santa Catarina), Santana de Parnaíba (State of São Paulo), Rio Negrinho (State of Santa Catarina), Balneário Pinhal, and São José do Norte (State of Rio Grande do Sul). The company offices are in São Paulo (State of São Paulo), Joaçaba (State of Santa Catarina) and in Porto Alegre (State of Rio Grande do Sul).
IRANI assumes the commitment to cooperate with the well being of people and the environment including all the factors involved in the different production activities: clients, investors, workers, service providers and suppliers, consumers, the community, helping to provide suitable sustainable answers to the different demands.
The company has an environmental policy ruled by the ISO 9001: 2000 procedures which prevents the waste of scarce resources and tries to implement important behavioral changes in education, housing and quality of life. 
Recently, Celulose Irani launched a furniture brand for the North American Market, called Brastilo, besides bringing to the consumer the Brazilian design and quality, the brand, since its start, is using the concept of being Eco-Friendly.

</doc>
<doc id="14489389" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14489389" title="Estey Organ">
Estey Organ

The Estey Organ Company was an American organ manufacturer. Jacob Estey founded the company when, in 1852, he bought out a Brattleboro, Vermont manufacturing business that had begun in 1846. The company went on to become the largest organ manufacturer in the United States. At its peak, it employed more than 500 people, and sold its high-quality items as far away as Africa, Great Britain, Australia, and New Zealand. Estey built around 500,000 to 520,000 pump organs between 1846 and 1955. Estey also produced pianos, made by the Estey Piano Company in New York City.
Jacob Estey (born 1814 in Hinsdale, New Hampshire, died 1890) ran away from an orphanage to Worcester, Massachusetts, where he learned the plumbing trade. He arrived in Brattleboro, Vermont in 1835 at age 21 to work in a plumbing shop. He soon bought the shop, beginning a long career as a successful businessman. 
About 1850, Estey built a two-story shop in Brattleboro and rented it out to a small company that manufactured melodeons. When the renters ran short of cash, Estey took an interest in the business in lieu of rent, eventually becoming sole proprietor. Despite having no musical talent or skills as an inventor, Jacob Estey grew the company into a great success, giving up the plumbing business. In 1855, Estey organized the first manufacturing company to bear his name, Estey & Greene—followed by Estey & Company, J. Estey & Company, Estey Organ Company—and finally, Estey Organ Corporation.
Jacob Estey saw the manufacturing and sale of these instruments, later known as American reed organs, as a new business opportunity.
In 1926 the company used the name, Estey-Welte Corporation. That year, it acquired the "Hall Organ Company" of West Philadelphia and a new built six-floor building at 695 Fifth Avenue as showrooms and salesrooms. This became the company's home, and the offices of the "Welte Mignon Studios" and the other subsidiary companies—including the "Estey Piano Company", the "Welte Mignon Corporation", the "Welte Organ Company", the "North American Discount Company", the "Estey-Welte Securities Company", and the "Eswell Realty Corporation". In 1926 Estey-Welte formed "The Welte-Mignon Stuidos of Florida, Inc." in Palm Beach.
Over its more than one hundred years, Estey became the largest and best known manufacturer of reed organs in the world. It made more than 520,000 instruments, all labeled "Brattleboro, Vt. USA". In 1901, Estey Organ Company began making pipe organs, and became one of the largest American pipe organ manufacturers. They built and sold more than 3200 pipe organs across the USA and abroad. The company provided organs for many important locations, including New York City's Capital Theatre, the Sacramento, CA Municipal Auditorium, and Henry Ford's home in Dearborn, Michigan.
Also during the era of silent films, Estey made over 160 theatre organs.
Following World War II, Estey developed and manufactured electronic organs, joining a limited number of companies that manufactured all three types of organs—reed, pipe, and electronic. In the 1950s, Harald Bode joined Estey. He had been a pioneer in the research and development of electronic musical instrument since the 1930s, and had, in 1951, developed the "Bode Organ". At Estey, he helped develop the "Estey Electronic Organ model S" and "AS-1" (1954), then served as a chief engineer and a vice-president of Estey during the late 1950s.
Fletcher Music Centers purchased the Estey Organ company name in 1989, and subsequently produced several models of home organs. The models included a lifetime free lesson program. They sold these throughout the 1990s, exclusively though their chain of retail stores. Fletcher Music Centers and the Estey Organ Company corporate office is in Clearwater, Florida.
The Estey Organ Company's main factory was located southwest of downtown Brattleboro, on the south side of Whetstone Brook between Birge and Organ Streets. At its height, the complex had more than 20 buildings, many of which were interconnected by raised walkways and covered bridges. Several of the buildings were built with distinctive slate siding, resulting in an architecturally unique collection of such structures in the state. One of the buildings now houses the Estey Organ Museum; the entire surviving complex was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980, both for its architecture, and as a major economic force in Brattleboro for many years.
The Estey family had a long tradition of company leadership and community involvement, including residential development such as Esteyville; banking; town government; schools; fire protection; military units; churches; and Vermont state politics and government. Estey Hall on the campus of Shaw University is named after Estey, who contributed to the construction of the building. Fletcher Music Centers continued the tradition of community involvement by helping fund a music therapy wing at All Children's Hospital located in St. Petersburg, Florida.

</doc>
<doc id="14501017" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14501017" title="The Counter">
The Counter

The Counter is a high end casual dining restaurant chain in the United States, Ireland, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates and Ghana offering custom topped gourmet burgers with over a million possible burger and burgers-in-a-bowl combinations through a checklist-style menu.
The Counter was founded in Santa Monica, California, United States in 2003 by Jeff Weinstein.
The Counter was launched into the public eye when Gayle King mentioned it on The Oprah Winfrey Show on February 24, 2006, It has also been listed as number 15 on Alan Richman's "The 20 Hamburgers You Must Eat Before You Die" in GQ Magazine.
In the August 14, 2005 issue, Nation's Restaurant News named The Counter as one of "2008's Six Hottest Concepts."
At 45 units, The Counter is a mostly full-service, build-your-own burger concept, but the company is also growing a fast-casual sister concept called Built, which has five locations.

</doc>
<doc id="14501610" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14501610" title="Peruvian Connection">
Peruvian Connection

Peruvian Connection Ltd. is a United States-based retailer of high-end women’s clothing and accessories. Originally started as a mail-order catalog, the company also sells online and through six retail stores.
Peruvian Connection was founded in 1976 by the mother and daughter team of Biddy and Annie Hurlbut. The impetus for the company grew out of trips Annie Hurlbut took to Peru. It was there that she bought a fitted sweater with an alpaca fur-lined collar for her mother’s 50th birthday. Biddy later showed the sweater to a local buyer, who wanted 45 more.
The business grew slowly but steadily until a style writer from "The New York Times" did an interview with Annie for what would turn out to be a quarter-page article in the paper's Style section. Within three months, Peruvian Connection had 5,000 requests for catalogs.
With continued growth in the late 1980s, Hurlbut and her mother opened outlet stores to sell excess inventory. Peruvian Connection now has retail stores in Washington, D.C.; Santa Fe, New Mexico; Kansas City, Missouri; Boston, Massachusetts; Chicago, Illinois and London, England. A United Kingdom fulfillment center was opened in 1996 to serve customers in the United Kingdom and Europe.
Today, the company has about 200 employees in the United States, South America and the U.K. Peruvian Connection catalogs are printed in English with prices in dollars or pounds sterling, and in German with pricing in Euros. European orders are fulfilled through the United Kingdom branch, with call center operators speaking English or German.
Peruvian Connection is among Working Woman magazine's Working Women 500, a list of the largest women-run businesses, and is ranked among Internet Retailer’s Top 500 online retailers.
Peruvian Connection focuses on women’s apparel made from the luxury fibers of alpaca and pima cotton. Most items are original designs produced by Peruvian Connection staff designers and handcrafted by artisans in Peru. "We continue to work with the same cottage industries," Hurlbut said. "Many of those have invested in their businesses; a lot are women-owned. We have relationships with our supplier base that go back 25 years, and we buy season after season from them."
The line includes alpaca and Peruvian pima cotton sweaters for women, as well as dresses, jackets, coats, skirts, blankets, shirts, and a selection of accessories, jewelry, and home décor items.
Official Peruvian Connection websites:

</doc>
<doc id="14504164" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14504164" title="Rosendin Electric">
Rosendin Electric

Rosendin Electric is an electrical contractor headquartered in San Jose, California, with more than 5,000 employees nationwide and an annual revenue of approximately $800 million. Branch offices are located in San Francisco, Sacramento and Los Angeles, CA, Tempe, AZ, Hillsboro, OR, Las Vegas, NV, Sterling, VA, and most recently, Baltimore, MD.
In 1919, two brothers began Rosendin Electric Motor Works. The company serviced the Santa Clara/San Jose agricultural community by wiring homes and shops, rewinding motors for wells and pumps and extending pole line facilities for utility companies. The company expanded its business to Central California through the '20's, The Great Depression, and World War II.
The end of World War II brought rapid commercial and industrial growth to the Santa Clara Valley and expanded work for Rosendin. The company grew from eight employees in the late 30's to ninety employees in the 1950s. In 1953 Rosendin Electric was incorporated as an electrical contractor in the State of California.
In 2000, the Rosendin Electric employees completed their buyout of the Rosendin family, which had begun in the mid '90s, to become the largest employee owned electrical contractor. They are currently the fourth largest electrical contractor in the US.
Rosendin Electric is also involved in design and construction of wind energy plants, including grids and collection systems. Their first wind farm installation was in 2002, and as of 2011 they had completed close to 60 wind farm projects.
On April 12, 2010, Rosendin Electric completed its acquisition of KST Electric, Ltd. ("KST"), a Texas-based, privately held, full service electrical, data and communication contracting company based out of Manor, Texas with regional offices in Dallas, Houston, San Antonio, Corpus Christi and Harlingen. With the acquisition, Rosendin Electric gained immediate access to the Texas construction market. In December 2013, Rosendin Electric announced that KST Electric would assume its new name as Rosendin Electric.

</doc>
<doc id="14510596" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14510596" title="Le Zèbre">
Le Zèbre

Le Zèbre is a French make of car built between 1909 and 1931 in Puteaux, Seine. The company was founded by Jules Salomon who had been with Georges Richard with finance from Jacques Bizet, son of Georges Bizet the composer.
The make historian is Philip Schram who wrote the book "l'Epopee de la societe Le Zebre".
Julius Solomon was a young graduate of the School of Commerce and Industry in Bordeaux, and began his career at Rouart Brothers who were engine makers. He later moved to Georges Richard where he met Jacques Bizet.
In 1909 Solomon developed his first car, the type A. This design proved very economical to manufacture, selling for 3,000 francs, or 1,000 F less than competitors. The wheelbase was . The two friends decided not to give their names to the car, instead opting to call it "Le Zèbre" (The Zebra), which was originally a nickname given to a clerk of their former employer. In 1911 the company was registered as "Société anonyme des automobiles Le Zèbre". Originally the frames were built by the Paquis Works, and some were equipped with engines manufactured nearby in Saint-Denis by Aster in single, twin or four cylinder configurations.
Car making continued through the First World War. In 1915 the Ministry of War placed an order for 40 cars per month as well as the supply of various military parts.
Unfortunately the car had many problems, including the engine and gearbox cast as one unit, allowing engine oil to seep into the clutch which would have to be drained often, axles breaking every 322 km (200 miles), and the fact that it could lose wheels while on the road.
In 1917 the two founders split up. Jules Solomon left the company and met André Citroën, the then director general at Mors. Jacques Bizet remained with Le Zèbre. The company was not as successful as it had been before the war. In 1924 the Type Z was announced with engine designed with help from the English engineer Harry Ricardo, known in the automotive world for his studies of combustion systems. It did not however sell in the expected numbers and faced with this new failure, the company closed in 1931.

</doc>
<doc id="14514571" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14514571" title="Replay Studios">
Replay Studios

Replay Studios was an independent video game developer that created games for the seventh generation of game consoles and PC, targeted for the international market. Located in Hamburg, Germany, it was founded in 2002 by Marc Moehring and Sascha Jungnickel.
Rumours circulating since 3 August 2009 have suggested that the company would be closing down after having filed for insolvency.
On 25 August 2009, Atari announced in an email to a Crashday Hardcore Dedicate that Replay Studios have filed for insolvency. This resulted in the shutting down of their game servers.
By December 2009, a small group of dedicated players obtained the software, hardware and domain to create a New Master Server. This Server is now in full function, allowing Crashday to be played online once again.

</doc>
<doc id="14515075" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14515075" title="Kansal Group">
Kansal Group

The Kansal Group is a company based out of Chandigarh with industrial bases in Mohali, Punjab and Gurgaon, Haryana. Kansal Group is one of India's largest manufacturers of automotive sheet metal and auto spare parts.
The company is the largest subcontractor of Maruti Suzuki, India's largest automobile manufacturer. Other major clients include Indian Railways, Swaraj Mazda, and Punjab Tractors. In 2008, the group has an annual revenue of INR 1.20 billion.
In 2007, Kansal Group joined hands with Technoport Solutions (P) Ltd as their Web IT partners and Webchilly Studios as their Branding and Advertising Partners, to promote their Group Online, which brought the Rise in the profits of Kansal Group.

</doc>
<doc id="14516778" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14516778" title="Zentropa">
Zentropa

Zentropa or Zentropa Entertainments is a Danish film company started in 1992 by director Lars von Trier and producer Peter Aalbæk Jensen. Zentropa is named from the train company Zentropa in the film "Europa" (1991), which started the collaboration between Lars von Trier and Peter Aalbæk Jensen.
It has produced over 70 feature films and has become the largest film production company in Scandinavia. It owns a number of subsidiary companies in Europe. Zentropa is also responsible for creating a large studio complex called "Filmbyen" (Film City), where both Zentropa and many other film-related companies are located.
Zentropa may be best known for creating the Dogme 95 movement, leading to such acclaimed films as "Idioterne" (1998), "Festen" (1998) and "Mifunes sidste sang" (1999). It was the first mainstream film company to produce hardcore pornographic films for women: "Constance" (1998), "Pink Prison" (1999), "HotMen CoolBoyz" (2000) and the adult/mainstream crossover feature "All About Anna" (2005).
It has also produced hardcore sex films: "Constance" (1998), "Pink Prison" (1999), "HotMen CoolBoyz" (2000), and "All About Anna" (2005). In 1998, von Trier also made history by having his company Zentropa be the world's first mainstream film company to produce hardcore pornographic films. Three of these films, "Constance" (1998), "Pink Prison" (1999), and the adult/mainstream crossover-feature "All About Anna" (2005), were made primarily for a female audience and were extremely successful in Europe, with the first two being directly responsible for the legalising of pornography in Norway in March 2006.Zentropa's initiative spearheaded a European wave of female-friendly porn films from directors such as Anna Span, Erika Lust and Petra Joy, while von Trier's company Zentropa was forced to abandon the experiment due to pressure from its English business partners. In July 2009, women's magazine "Cosmopolitan" ranked "Pink Prison" as No. 1 in its Top Five of the best women's porn, calling it the "role model for the new porn-generation".

</doc>
<doc id="14518705" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14518705" title="Oriental Trading Company">
Oriental Trading Company

The Oriental Trading Company is a direct merchant of value-priced party supplies, arts and crafts, toys and novelties and school supplies (The largest in the nation) It was founded in 1932 as one of the United States' first wholesaling companies. Orient Trading has been recognized as one of the Top 100 Internet Retailers and one of the Top 50 Catalog Companies. It is based in Omaha, Nebraska, and it is owned by Berkshire Hathaway
The company was founded as a gift shop in 1932 in Omaha, Nebraska by Harry Watanabe. The company expanded to 17 shops in the Midwest. During World War II, with restrictions against imports from Japan, the company shrank back to its Omaha base. Watanabe then bought a ceramic shop which made Kewpie dolls and other ceramic items.
In 1954 it resumed its imports from Japan and was a major carnival supplier and in 1956 it launched its first catalog.
In 1977 Watanabe's son Terry Watanabe became president and its focus shifted from carnivals to supplying party goods for churches, schools, retailers, and individuals.
In 2000, Watanabe sold his entire stake in the company to Los Angeles-based private equity firm Brentwood Associates, and resigned as CEO and President.
In 2006 The Carlyle Group bought 68 percent interest in the company with Brentwood owning a reported 25 percent.
On August 24, 2010, Oriental Trading Company via OTC Holdings Corp. declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
On November 2, 2012, Berkshire Hathaway announced they would acquire the company.
Orient Trading acquired MindWare Holdings, Inc. in 2013 and SmileMakers in 2014. MindWare is a manufacturer, wholesaler, and direct retailer of "brainy toys for kids of all ages" that complements the Oriental Trading family of educational products. SmileMakers is the leading brand catering to the dental and healthcare markets.
The company's CEO was featured in the March 10, 2012, episode of the TV show "Undercover Boss".

</doc>
<doc id="14522642" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14522642" title="Vox Talent">
Vox Talent

VOX TALENT is Canada's non-union voiceover talent agency representing over 200 of Canada's voiceover actors and supplying voiceover talent to advertising agencies, independent producers, corporate marketing departments, producers and casting directors.

</doc>
<doc id="14527195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14527195" title="Activision Blizzard">
Activision Blizzard

Activision Blizzard, Inc. is an American video game developer. Headquartered in Santa Monica, California and founded in 2008 through the merger of Vivendi Games and Activision, the company is traded on the NASDAQ stock exchange under the ticker symbol , and since 2015 has been one of the stocks that make up the S&P 500. Activision Blizzard currently includes five business units: Activision, Blizzard Entertainment, Major League Gaming, Activision Blizzard Studios, and King Digital Entertainment.
The company owns and operates additional studios under an independent studios model, including Treyarch, Infinity Ward and Toys for Bob, and its titles have broken a number of release records. ' grossed $550 million in worldwide sales during its opening weekend in 2015, making it the biggest entertainment launch of the year. The company's franchises also include "Call of Duty", "Destiny", "Skylanders", Blizzard Entertainment's "World of Warcraft", "StarCraft", "Diablo", ', and "Overwatch", Sierra Entertainment's "King's Quest", "Space Quest", "Police Quest", "Leisure Suit Larry", and "The Legend of Spyro", and King's "Candy Crush Saga", "Pet Rescue Saga", and "Farm Heroes Saga".
In December 2007, Activision announced that the company and its assets would merge with fellow games developer and publisher Vivendi Games. At the time, Vivendi was best known as the holding company for the game studios Sierra Entertainment and Blizzard Entertainment. The new company was to be named Activision Blizzard, and would retain its central headquarters in California. Bobby Kotick of Activision was announced as the new president and CEO, while René Penisson of Vivendi was appointed chairman. The European Commission permitted the merger to take place in April 2008, approving that there weren't any antitrust issues in the merger deal. On July 8, 2008, Activision announced that stockholders had agreed to merge, and the deal closed the next day for an estimated transaction amount of US$18.9 billion.
Vivendi was the majority shareholder, with a 52% stake in the company. The rest of the shares were held by institutional and private investors, and were to be left open for trading on the NASDAQ stock market for a time under , and subsequently as . At this point, Jean-Bernard Levy replaced René Penisson as chairman of Activision Blizzard. The merger made Activision Blizzard the parent company of Vivendi Games' former divisions. While Blizzard retained its autonomy and corporate leadership in the merger, other Vivendi Games divisions such as Sierra ceased operation. With the merger, Kotick was quoted stating if a Sierra product did not meet Activision's requirements, they "won't likely be retained." However, a number of Sierra's games such as "Crash Bandicoot", "Spyro the Dragon" and "Prototype" were retained and are now published by Activision.
Activision Blizzard does not publish games under its central name and instead uses its studios to publish games. In early 2010, the independent studio Bungie entered into a 10-year publishing agreement with Activision Blizzard. By the end of 2010, Activision Blizzard was the largest video games publisher in the world. The 2011 release of Activision Blizzard's ' grossed $400 million in the US and UK alone in its first 24 hours, making it the biggest entertainment launch of all time. It was also the third consecutive year the "Call of Duty" series broke the biggest launch record; 2010's ' grossed $360 million on day one; and 2009's ' brought in $310 million. ' grossed $550 million in worldwide sales during its opening weekend in 2015, making it the biggest entertainment launch of the year.
In 2011, Activision Blizzard debuted its "Skylanders" franchise, which led to the press crediting the company with inventing and popularizing a new toys-to-life category. The first release "" was nominated for two Toy Industry Association awards in 2011: "Game of the Year" and "Innovative Toy of the Year". "Skylanders: Spyro's Adventure" and its sequels were released for major consoles and PC, and many were released on mobile devices as well.
On July 25, 2013, Activision Blizzard announced the purchase of 429 million shares from owner Vivendi for $5.83 billion, dropping the shareholder from a 63% stake to 11.8% by the end of the deal in September. At the conclusion of the deal, Vivendi was no longer Activision Blizzard's parent company, and Activision Blizzard became an independent company as a majority of the shares became owned by the public. Bobby Kotick and Brian Kelly retained a 24.4% stake in the company overall. In addition, Kotick remained the president and CEO, with Brian Kelly taking over as chairman. On October 12, 2013, shortly after approval from the Delaware Supreme Court, the company completed the buyback, along the lines of the original plan. Vivendi sold half its remaining stake on May 22, 2014, reducing its ownership to 5.8%.
Activision Blizzard released a new title, "Destiny", on September 9, 2014. The game made over $500 million in retail sales on the first day of release, setting a record for the biggest first day launch of a new gaming franchise. On November 5, 2013, the company released "", which was written by screenwriter Stephen Gaghan. On its first release day the game sold $1 billion into retail. In 2014, Activision Blizzard was the fifth largest gaming company by revenue worldwide, with total assets of US $14.746 billion and total equity estimated at US $7.513 billion.
Activision Blizzard joined the S&P 500 on August 28, 2015, becoming one of only three companies on the list related to gaming, alongside Microsoft and Electronic Arts. The company released the next iteration of the "Skylanders" franchise in September 2015, which added vehicles to the "toys to life" category. On September 15, 2015, Activision and Bungie released "", the follow up to the "Destiny" saga. Two days later, Sony announced that the game broke the record for the most downloaded day-one game in PlayStation history, in terms of both total players and peak online concurrency.
Activision Blizzard announced on November 2, 2015 that it would acquire social gaming company King, creator of the popular casual game "Candy Crush Saga", for $5.9 billion. At an Investor Day presentation on November 6, 2015, in the wake of the "Warcraft" feature film, Activision Blizzard announced the formation of Activision Blizzard Studios, a film production division dedicated to creating original television series and films. Headed by producer Stacey Sher and former The Walt Disney Company executive Nick van Dyk, Activision Blizzard Studios would look to produce an animated television series based on "Skylanders" called "Skylanders Academy" and films based on the "Call of Duty" franchise, and partner with Legendary Pictures on possible sequels to the "Warcraft" movie.
Activision Blizzard owns the "Call of Duty" and "Starcraft" franchises, both of which have been popular as esports. On October 21, 2015, Activision Blizzard announced the upcoming establishment of a new e-sports division. Named Activision Blizzard Media Networks, the division is led by sports executive Steve Bornstein and Major League Gaming (MLG) co-founder Mike Sepso, with assets from the acquisition of the now defunct IGN Pro League. Bornstein was appointed the new division's chairman. On December 31, 2015, it was reported that "substantially all" of Major League Gaming's assets would be acquired by Activision Blizzard. "The New York Times" reported that the acquisition was intended to bolster Activision Blizzard's push into e-sports, as well as its plan to develop an e-sports cable channel. Reports indicated that MLG would be shuttered, and that the majority of the purchase price would go towards paying off the company's debt. Activision Blizzard acquired MLG on January 4, 2016 for $46 million. In November 2016, it announced Overwatch League.
In 2009, "Business Insider" reported that Worlds.com was claiming it owned the patent to "the idea of a scalable virtual world with thousands of users," with the company's CEO asserting that "he intends to sue anyone who refuses to enter into licensing negotiations - including giants such as "Second Life" and "World of Warcraft". On March 30, 2012, Worlds Inc. filed a patent infringement lawsuit in Massachusetts Federal Court alleging Activision Blizzard had infringed on two patents involving 3-D virtual environments. The lawsuit focused on the "Call of Duty" and "World of Warcraft" franchises, and during pre-trial oral arguments, Activision Blizzard lead counsel was quoted stating "billions were at stake." Activision Publishing filed a separate patent infringement lawsuit in California on October 4, 2013, asserting that Worlds, Inc. was using two Activision-owned patents in its "Worlds Player" software.
In March 2014, a Boston court ruled that Activision was not required to pay Worlds.com "for using talking avatars in popular online titles like "World of Warcraft"," with the judge clarifying that "the patents belonging to Worlds Inc. appear invalid because the inventions they describe already appeared in public before the patents were filed." Worlds Inc. was limited to only suing Activision Blizzard for "future acts of infringement." Indeed the Patents themselves at that time were not deemed invalid, rather the Certificate of Correction issued by the USPTO (United States Patent and Trade Office) to cure a defect in the prosecution (filed after the Lawsuit started) required that the Federal Lawsuit be refiled in order to take advantage of the earlier patent priority date. Worlds opted to allow the case to move forward, preserving the timeline and eliminating Activision Blizzards opportunity to directly file a USPTO Patent and Appeal Board challenge. Activision had not exercised its right to file a USPTO appeal to challenge the patents in question during the 1 year statutory time period. In response, Worlds.com announced they would instead be pursuing the recent release "" for damages. The Worlds, Inc. case against Blizzard Activision was heard on October 3, 2014, with results still unannounced by the end of the year. On June 26, 2015, the Massachusetts courts released a ruling that clarified technical terms for the lawsuit. On November 28, 2016, the United States Patent and Appeal Board ruled claims 5 and 7 valid on US Patent 7493558. The challenge of the US Patent 7493558 was instituted by Bungie, Inc.,an Activision Blizzard game developer.

</doc>
<doc id="14529060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14529060" title="Happy Harbor Comics">
Happy Harbor Comics

Happy Harbor Comics is a Canadian comic book store located in Edmonton, Alberta. Over the past few years, owner Jay Bardyla and his store have participated in the 24-hour comic day to promote comics in general and to raise money for the Alberta Literacy Foundation. In 2005, they raised more than $1600.

</doc>
<doc id="14530507" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14530507" title="Mountain Sheep">
Mountain Sheep

Mountain Sheep Oy, internationally doing business as Mountain Sheep, Inc., is a Finnish independent video game developer based in Helsinki, Finland. Founded on 13 April 2006, the company is best known for developing "Minigore". On 29 March 2010, Mountain Sheep opened a second studio, Cornfox & Brothers Oy (internationally doing business as Cornfox & Brothers Ltd.), to co-develop "Death Rally".

</doc>
<doc id="14532284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14532284" title="Dollar Tree Canada">
Dollar Tree Canada

Dollar Tree Stores Canada, Inc. (formerly Dollar Giant) is a Canadian discount variety store chain.
The company was incorporated in 2001 in Vancouver. On 11 October 2010, US variety store chain Dollar Tree, Inc. announced its acquisition of Dollar Giant for $52 million.
At the time of the acquisition, Dollar Giant had about 85 retail outlets in the provinces of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan and Ontario. Approximately 30 of its retail locations are located in British Columbia, making it the largest dollar store chain in that province. It was Canada's fourth largest operator of dollar stores. Dollar Tree has since rebranded all of its Dollar Giant stores to Dollar Tree. The company now operates 227 stores across Canada, concentrated in Western Canada and Ontario. Its Canadian merchandising team is located at 205 Courtney Park Dr. West (Unit 105), Mississauga, ON, L52 0A5 while the corporate offices remain in Burnaby BC. 

</doc>
<doc id="14535235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14535235" title="Destination XL Group">
Destination XL Group

Destination XL Group, Inc. (DXLG) is the largest specialty retailer of men's big and tall apparel, with operations throughout the United States and in London, England. The company is headquartered in Canton, Massachusetts, and its common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "DXLG." DXLG operates both retail stores and ecommerce businesses through its five trade names: DXL, Rochester Clothing, Casual Male XL, Shoes XL, and Living XL. These can all be found under the multi-channel website DestinationXL.com.
DXLG is currently in the process of transitioning its primary store footprint from Casual Male XL to DXL, its one-stop-shopping concept. DXL offers thousands of styles from over 100 top brands, starting at waist size 38 and up. The company also offers sizes starting at XL, including tall sizes, as well as shoes in sizes 10-16, with widths up to 4E.
National designer brands carried by the company include Polo Ralph Lauren, Levi's, Under Armour, Nautica, Calvin Klein, Geoffrey Beene, Buffalo David Bitton, Cole Haan, Columbia, and Kenneth Cole. Private label offerings include Harbor Bay, Oak Hill, Synrgy, True Nation, Twenty-Eight Degrees, and Society of One. DXL is also the only retailer to offer sportswear in big and tall sizes from top designers such as Brooks Brothers, Lacoste, True Religion, Michael Kors, Paul & Shark, Psycho Bunny, Reebok, PX Clothing, and Joe’s Jeans.
What is now Destination XL Group was founded in 1976 by Calvin Margolis and Stanley Berger as Designs, Inc., a chain of retail stores that sold Levi's Dockers.
In May 2002, Designs, Inc. bought the Casual Male Big & Tall chain of stores out of bankruptcy and elected to focus their business on those stores, selling off their other businesses and assuming the Casual Male name.
In 2004, the company acquired Rochester Big & Tall Clothing, which gave the company access to a number of designer brands including Robert Graham, Tommy Bahama, Cutter & Buck, Jack Victor, and Robert Talbott. Also in 2004, Casual Male hired former champion boxer George Foreman to promote the chain and act as spokesman for new lines of clothing bearing his name.
In 2005, Casual Male changed the name of its stores from Casual Male Big & Tall to Casual Male XL.
In 2010, the company opened its first DXL store in Schaumburg, Illinois. Big & Tall customers were looking for a superior shopping experience – one that provided a better blend of quality, selection, and service. This new store opening marked the starting point of the company’s transition from Casual Male XL to DXL. 
In May 2013, the company launched its first television and radio advertising campaign, entitled “No Man’s Land,” which supported the DXL brand.
As of 2016, there were more than 200 DXL retail stores in operation across every major metropolitan market in the United States.

</doc>
<doc id="14536045" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14536045" title="Ghezzi &amp; Brian">
Ghezzi &amp; Brian

Ghezzi & Brian is an Italian motorcycle engineering firm and manufacturer based in Missaglia.
Ghezzi & Brian was founded in 1995 by Giuseppe Ghezzi and Bruno (Brian) Saturno to develop racing motorcycles using twin-cylinder engines. 
Starting in 1999, the company began to also sell motorcycles for street use. A fundamental characteristic of all the Ghezzi & Brian machines is sportiness and personality derived from Moto Guzzi V layout twin-cylinder engines.
The first model put in production is the "SuperTwin 1100", derived from the Championship 1996 machine.
The "Furia" is a "sport naked".
The "Pro-Thunder" has been developed exclusively for the participation in the American A.M.A. Championship. It has a Moto Guzzi 1225 cc motor.
The latest model, introduced in 2004, is the "Fionda".
Ghezzi & Brian are active, beyond as motorcycle manufacturer, also as:

</doc>
<doc id="14538994" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14538994" title="Darwen Group">
Darwen Group

The Darwen Group was a bus manufacturer located in Blackburn, Lancashire, England. The company originated from the purchase of East Lancashire Coachbuilders who went into administration in August 2007. After a series of developments, in June 2008 Darwen performed a reverse takeover in fellow bus manufacturer Optare, with the Darwen name disappearing.
Darwen rose from the ashes of East Lancashire Coachbuilders in August 2007, after they went into administration - Darwen saved them the next day. Darwen went about reorganising the business, making a number of redundancies and rebranding main bus side of the business as Darwen East Lancs, the repair arm as Darwen North West. The current East Lancs products at the time were continued by Darwen, with new brand names.
This was followed by the acquisition of Leyland Product Developments in November 2007, which was rebranded as Darwen LPD. Further progress came in February 2008, when the parent company Darwen Holdings floated on AIM.
In a further development, the Darwen Group owner Roy Stanley set up "Jamesstan Investments", and on March 12, 2008 the Optare Group was purchased. In June 2008 the decision was made for Darwen to perform a reverse takeover on Optare under Jamesstan Investments. The Darwen name was dropped in favour of Optare's
The company has also announced its intention to develop integral buses, with a prototype due by June 2008. It intends to develop both hybrid and diesel versions, the hybrid in partnership with Enova.
On July 14, 2008 the company was renamed Optare UK Ltd as a part of the reverse takeover of Optare.
Built for the Alexander Dennis Enviro200 Dart, Scania N94UB Alexander Dennis Enviro300 and MAN 12.240 chassis. A former East Lancs product, previously known as the East Lancs Esteem. It is the successor to the East Lancs Myllennium.
This is a modified open-top Esteem. It is the only open-top single-decker bus offered in the UK although no orders have yet been taken.
Built for the Scania N230UD/N270UD chassis. A former East Lancs product, known as the East Lancs Omnidekka. It is a replacement for the ELC Scania N94UD based model.
Built for the Volvo B9TL, Alexander Dennis Enviro400 and Scania N230UD/N270UD chassis. A former East Lancs product, known as the East Lancs Olympus. It is a modified version of the double-decker Myllennium with the same enhancements as the Esteem.
Built so far on the Volvo B9TL chassis. A former East Lancs product, known as the East Lancs Visionaire. It is essentially an open top version of the Olympus.
<br>

</doc>
<doc id="14543738" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14543738" title="Nordic Patent Institute">
Nordic Patent Institute

The Nordic Patent Institute (NPI) is an intergovernmental organisation established by the governments of Denmark, Iceland and Norway. It is based in Taastrup, Denmark. Since January 1, 2008, the Institute acts as Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) authority. As of May 1, 2013, it is, with the European Patent Office and the Swedish Patent and Registration Office, one of the three International Searching Authorities (ISA) and International Preliminary Examining Authorities (IPEA) available for international applications filed with the Receiving Offices of Denmark, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. It also carries out Supplementary International Searches in Danish, English, Icelandic, Norwegian and Swedish.
Its two-letter code is "XN".
Nordic Patent Institute also performs patent search and analysis on a commercial basis for companies and IP law firms. 

</doc>
<doc id="14544221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14544221" title="PEMCO">
PEMCO

PEMCO Insurance is an American personal-lines mutual insurance company based in Seattle, Washington. Its name is an acronym for "Public Employees Mutual Insurance Company".
In 1936, Seattle schoolteacher Robert J. Handy took advantage of the newly legalized “credit union” concept to found "Seattle Teachers Credit Union" (now "Inspirus Credit Union"). Handy is reputed to have started the credit union with $5 in capital. Out of that enterprise grew a group of seven different but related companies, the largest of which is now PEMCO Insurance.
PEMCO has grown from premiums of $8,500 in 1949 to $378.3 million in 2015.
Today, PEMCO is the Northwest’s largest local personal-lines insurer, providing auto, home, boat, life and umbrella coverage to the general public.
The current president and CEO of PEMCO Insurance is Stan W. McNaughton. He is the son of Stanley O. McNaughton, who was president from 1970 until his death in 1998.
PEMCO’s stated niche market is in what some in the insurance industry refer to as “preferred risk”– that is, policyholders who are least likely to have traffic tickets or car accidents, and who take proactive steps to protect their own property with safeguards like car alarms, smoke detectors, and deadbolt locks.
PEMCO has earned several awards for its marketing campaigns in recent years, including:
1. Virgin, Bill. "Nimble PEMCO looks to grow", The Seattle Post-Intelligencer, June 24, 2005.
2. Ebnet, Matthew "Longtime PEMCO Chief, 76, Beloved By Workers", The Seattle Times, January 20, 1998.
3. Puget Sound Radio Broadcasters Association. “2010 Soundie Award Winners,” May 2010.
4. Insurance Marketing and Communications Association. “PEMCO wins SAMMY Award at 52nd annual awards,” July 26, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="14546097" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14546097" title="Hrvatska pošta">
Hrvatska pošta

Croatian Post Inc. (HP-Hrvatska pošta d.d.), founded in 1999, is a business corporation in ownership of the Republic of Croatia. Croatian Post is a national postal operator of the Republic of Croatia. Post offices of the Croatian Post (total number: 1016) form one of the widest services and retail networks in the country. Apart from postal services Croatian Post offers also payment services, retail services and digital TV service in the whole territory of Croatia. Croatian Post is also one of the founders and a full member of the Association of European Public Postal Operators (PostEurop), while Croatia is a member of the Universal Postal Union (UPU). Croatian Post also issues postage stamps of Croatia. 
Croatian Post was founded as an independent joint stock company on 1 January 1999 after splitting of the public company HPT-Hrvatska pošta i telekomunikacije (HPT Croatian Post and Telecommunications) into two joint stock companies: one for the business area of postal services (Croatian Post) and the other for the business area of telecommunications (Croatian Telecommunication). Today's business activities of Croatian Post are the continuation of the tradition and continuity of postal business in Croatia.
Croatian Post is organised in for divisions. Postal Service Division is in charge of transport, sorting and delivery of mail. Network Division manages the network of post offices. Express Services Division is in charge of express delivery– hpekspres. Support Services Division is in charge of - among other activities - for financial matters and real property.
Croatian Post is a national postal operator and the services it offers include acceptance, directing, transport and delivery of mail in national and international letter mail service. Universal postal services are provided across the whole of Croatia to all users under same conditions. Apart from universal services Croatian Post also provides many other postal services: acceptance, directing, transport and delivery of direct mail, printed matter (books and prints), parcels, prepaid reply service (IBRS/CCRI mail), express mail services (EMS) and value-added services: hpekspres, business parcel and e-parcel.
ePost is a service of Croatian Post which enables users to accomplish a series of services through electronic media. Through ePost service it is possible to receive and send letters, messages and documents (including bills) in electronic form, pay bills with credit and debit cards regardless of the fact whether they were received through the service or sent to home address and store documents to safe archives accessible always and from anywhere. After registration for ePost service which uses current safety standards based on certificates, users can safely and simply manage their documents. 
hpekspres service is a fast delivery service of Croatian Post covering the whole territory of Croatia with delivery deadlines as a rule on the same or next working day.
In post offices Croatian Post offers various payment services e.g. cash money transfer services, account payments, cash withdrawal and money exchange. In post offices also savings accounts and insurance policies can be contracted.
In post offices there is a large assortment of retail goods available, such as e.g. greetings cards and postcards, books, technical goods. Toys and there is also a possibility of catalogue ordering.
evotv is a digital TV service (PAY TV) offered by Croatian Post. It uses DVB-T2 technology (digital TV signal), which enables watching TV program by means of a classic antenna, and without the necessity of telephone or Internet connection. Evotv programs can be viewed with the support of the evotv digital receiver, and are organised in thematic units - the so-called bouquets, which are at customer’s choice.
Since 1991 Croatian Post has been issuing postage stamps of Croatia. The first definitive postage stamp Airmail Zagreb-Dubrovnik was issued on 9 September 1991 and the first commemorative postage stamp on 10 December 1991 on the occasion of proclamation of independence of Croatia. Until today (2013) Croatian Post has issued more than 900 postage stamps with a variety of themes and motifs.

</doc>
<doc id="14546187" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14546187" title="William Davies Company">
William Davies Company

William Davies Company was a pork processing and packing company in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. At one time, it was the largest pork packer in the British Empire, and it operated Canada's first major chain of food stores. One of Toronto's longstanding nicknames, "Hogtown", is attributable to the millions of pigs processed annually by the William Davies Company.
William Davies, born in 1831 in Wallingford, England, emigrated to Canada in 1854, and soon thereafter set up a stall in Toronto's St. Lawrence Market, where he sold cured hams and bacon. Realizing that there was an opportunity to export Canadian pork products to England, he wrote to his brother in 1860 stating: "I think you will say that the quality of the meat I send is as good as you ever saw."
Davies rented a facility at Front and Frederick Streets, a few blocks east of St. Lawrence Market, and was able to purchase and expand the plant in 1875. Soon, he was shipping millions of pounds annually of salt-cured pork. The William Davies building at 145 Front Street East, later occupied by the J. & J. Safeworks, still stands today.
In 1879, William Davies constructed a new facility further to the east, on the south side of Front Street at the Don River, which soon became the second largest pork processing plant on the continent. In addition to curing pork for export, he began slaughtering and processing hogs, and his business became the first continuous/moving rail hog-slaughtering facility in Canada. In 1891, the new plant was the first in Canada to feature an artificial refrigeration unit.
In many ways, Davies was responsible for establishing the modern Canadian pork industry. His efforts led to the establishment of the first Canadian Board of Agriculture, through which producers, processors and government officials could work together to expand the Canadian livestock industry.
As Davies had predicted in the 1850s, the firm's products did extremely well in the British market, and commanded higher prices than the offerings of American competitors due to the perception that they were of higher quality. By the 1890s, it was supplying over half of the entire Canadian bacon trade with Britain. The company's agent in Britain, John Wheeler Bennett, was known as the "Bismarck of the bacon trade".
In 1891, the business was reorganized as the "William Davies Company Limited". By mid-1917, the majority of the shares were held by Sir Joseph Flavelle, a prominent Toronto businessman.
The company was the first Canadian food producer to establish its own chain of retail meat and grocery stores, the first major chain of food stores in Canada. By the 1880s, it operated 84 retail outlets across Ontario. The firm was quick to open stores in fast growing areas along streetcar lines; Flavelle was quoted as saying "where the trolley goes it fair to assume that we shall follow shortly."
The company was particularly successful during the First World War. As a result of articles in the Canadian press suggesting that meat-packing plants were making excessive profits from the domestic market in wartime, the entire pork industry was the focus of much public outcry, including charges of excess profits and fraudulent meat curing practices. The managers of William Davies were routinely accused of being war profiteers and monopolists. The federal government established a Royal Commission by Order in Council in July 1917 to investigate both the William Davies Company and Matthews-Blackwell Company Limited (the firms later referred to in the commission's report as "the principal dealers in Canadian hog products in the English market"). In November 1917, after a series of hearings, the commission cleared the two companies of any wrongdoing, noting that any exceptionally high profits during the war were subject to the federal government's war taxes.
By 1920, the highly profitable wartime commodity markets had fallen, causing a rapid drop in prices. Food producers rushed to sell off inventory at reduced prices, causing prices to drop faster and further. The William Davies Company was "caught flat-footed" by the downturn, and was facing financial difficulties by the mid-1920s.
The downturn in the pork trade led to a merger between William Davies Company, Gunns Limited and Harris Abattoir Co. (in which William Davies Company held a 40% share) in 1927. William Davies Company was the foremost among the merging firms. The newly merged entity was named Canada Packers, and constituted Canada's largest meat processing and packing company. Not only did the merger improve the financial position of the constituent firms, it also blocked entry into the Canadian market by U.S. firms. Eventually, the Canada Packers operations were consolidated, with the meat packing and abattoir functions relocating to Toronto's union stockyards in the west end of the city. The former William Davies Company facilities by the Don River were first converted into a cold storage facility and soap works, and were eventually sold.
Canada Packers later merged in 1991 with Maple Leaf Mills, a producer of flour-based foods, forming Maple Leaf Foods.
William Davies died in 1921, after injuries sustained by being butted by a goat. Once one of Canada's largest food producers, the William Davies Company not only graced its home city with the "Hogtown" nickname (or epithet), but William Davies also introduced peameal bacon, which continues to be popular in Canada. Today, peameal bacon sandwiches are considered a "signature snack" at St. Lawrence Market, the same market where William Davies got his start selling pork back in 1854.
Although the first William Davies plant still stands on Front Street in Toronto (albeit largely modified since its days as a pork curing facility), the last of the William Davies buildings by the Don River were demolished in the early 1990s in anticipation of the "Ataratiri" redevelopment project. Although "Ataratiri" never proceeded, the lands are currently being redeveloped as part of the West Don Lands precinct of Toronto's waterfront. In 2012, a plaque was installed in Corktown Common, located in the West Don Lands, commemorating the industrial legacy of the former Williams Davies Company on the site.

</doc>
<doc id="14546631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14546631" title="Francis Baylie">
Francis Baylie

Francis Baylie (also variously spelt "Bayley" or "Bailey") was a shipbuilder based in Bristol, England, during the 17th century, a well established merchant shipbuilder who also built warships for the English Royal Navy.
The yard is one of the oldest named shipbuilders in Bristol, as Lloyd's of London did not publish their lists before 1764, and Statutory Registers did not begin until 1786. The oldest known Baylie built ship is the 280 t merchantman "Charles" of 1626. Francis Baylie's first recorded navy orders resulted from Parliament approval on 28 September 1652 for a fourth rate during the Commonwealth of England period. Baylie's later attracted several other orders for warships in the mid-1650s.
Baylie's shipyard was located in The Marsh, now predominantly laid out as the Georgian Queen Square, at an area known as 'The Gibb' or 'Gibb Taylor', a point of land which used to extend from Narrow Quay at Prince Street on the River Frome. Building had already been undertaken here since at least the 16th century, as the Frome had been diverted in 1240-47 resulting in additional invaluable land outside the city walls. Baylie's yard was the at the southwest corner of the quay extended by Thomas Wright of the Society of Merchant Venturers in 1627.
When the third rate "Edgar" was completed in 1669 she was the biggest ship yet built in Bristol, and in Samuel Pepys diary, the Admiralty administrator talks of visiting the ship and tipping the cabin boys. She had suffered damage during the launch as the fall was too great, leading to three broken lowermost ways and damage amidships. The "Speedwell", built at 'Gib Taylour' and assumed to be Baylie's, also had an unfortunate launching on 1 November 1663 when four boys and men on board drowned during the process.
Francis Baylie died in 1678. No further ship builds are recorded after the large ship of the line "Northumberland" was completed, and it is likely the yard closed soon afterwards. Gibb Taylor itself continued to see shipbuilding until the early 18th century, when it was closed in order to extend the quays and provide additional wharves for cargo.
Known naval ships built by Francis Baylie
Known merchant ships built by Francis Baylie

</doc>
<doc id="14547124" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14547124" title="J Salmon Ltd">
J Salmon Ltd

J Salmon Ltd, founded in 1880, is a UK-based printing and publishing firm, and is recognised as the oldest established postcard and calendar publisher in Britain. It is based in Sevenoaks, Kent. 
The current managing directors of the firm are Harry and Charles Salmon.

</doc>
<doc id="14547809" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14547809" title="ESPN Inc.">
ESPN Inc.

ESPN Inc. is an American sports media conglomerate based in Bristol, Connecticut. Jointly owned by The Walt Disney Company and the Hearst Corporation (which owns a 20% minority share), it owns various sports broadcasting operations, including cable channels (such as the titular ESPN), a sports radio network, an accompanying website, and other assets.
ESPN markets itself as the "Worldwide Leader in Sports". Most programming on ESPN networks consist of live or tape-delayed sporting events, sports news programming, sports talk shows, and original series and documentaries.
In August 2016, Disney purchased a 1/3 stake in BAMTech for $1 billion from MLB Advanced Media with the option to purchase a majority share. Disney purchased the stake to first develop a ESPN subscription streaming service. The service would not include any current ESPN channel or its content, but tap BAMTech licensed rights and ESPN college rights.
In 2006, ESPN acquired the North American Sports Network (NASN), later re-branded as ESPN America in 2008. ESPN launched a domestic channel in the United Kingdom after acquiring a portion of the local rights package to the Premier League alongside Sky Sports, replacing the collapsing Setanta Sports. The contract lasted from the 2009-10 season to the 2012-13 season. However, by 2012, the network had begun to lose many of its key sports rights, including the Premier League, to BT Group. 
On January 25, 2013, ESPN reached a deal to sell its television business in the United Kingdom and Ireland, including ESPN America's programming rights, to BT Group. The ESPN channel in the United Kingdom was placed under the control of BT Sport, while ESPN Classic and ESPN America were shut down. ESPN continues to operate digital properties targeting the United Kingdom, including its ESPN.co.uk, ESPN FC, ESPNcricinfo, and ESPNscrum websites. Two years later, ESPN reached a long-term deal with BT Sport for British rights to ESPN original programming and international event rights.

</doc>
<doc id="14550989" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14550989" title="Rohrbach Brewing Company">
Rohrbach Brewing Company

Rohrbach Brewing Company (Rohrbach's) is a brewery in Rochester, New York. USA. The company has brewing facilities at 97 Railroad Street in the Public Market district of Rochester. The company also has a restaurant in the Rochester suburb of Ogden, New York.
Rohrbach Brewing Company is the title sponsor to the Flour City Brewing Festival.

</doc>
<doc id="14551231" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14551231" title="ASET (professional body)">
ASET (professional body)

ASET is a professional body in the United Kingdom founded in 1982 for placement and employability staff. ASET is an educational charity run by work-based learning practitioners for work-based learning practitioners and offers support, advice, guidance and representation to all professionals who work in the field.
It provides training for over 1300 staff managing sandwich and other forms of work placements. Promoting a focus on the integration of work and learning, ASET has provided leadership in the development of guidelines in many areas and also the promotion and dissemination of best practices.
ASET works closely to achieve its aims with bodies such as the Department for Education and Skills, Universities UK, the Higher Education Academy, the Quality Assurance Agency for Higher Education and NCWE.
The main aims of ASET are to:

</doc>
<doc id="14551973" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14551973" title="Fone Zone">
Fone Zone

Vita Group Limited, previously known as Fone Zone, is Australia's largest independent retailer of mobile communications. The business has grown from a single Gold Coast store in 1995 to 150 outlets under the Fone Zone branding, a One Zero dealer network of more than 40 sites, 19 Next Byte stores and six Telstra Licensed Shops.
Currently the largest Telstra Premium Dealer, the group has a customer database of over 545,000 customers and subscribes more than 24,000 customers to the Telstra Mobile network each month. The group has recently established a dedicated outbound call centre focusing on customer retention, introduced a new concept store, launched a new concept store called The Lounge by Fone Zone, and also formalised their customer care program known as CARE. Fone Zone listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 2005 and recently announced the purchase of Next Byte, a chain of Apple resellers, in an effort to broaden their income stream and enhance growth.
In April 2008, Fone Zone changed its name and ASX code to Vita Group Limited. This is due to the acquisition of a number of other companies or brands including Fone Zone, Next Byte and One Zero – along with selected Telstra Shop locations. Vita is Latin for ‘way of life’ and was chosen as it reflects the way in which electronics and telecommunications equipment – such as mobile phones, MP3 players, computers and the internet – have become an essential part of people's everyday lives.

</doc>
<doc id="14552992" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14552992" title="TaleWorlds Entertainment">
TaleWorlds Entertainment

TaleWorlds Entertainment is an independent Turkish game development company located in Ankara, Turkey, founded in 2005. TaleWorlds is an official brand of İkisoft Software Company and have been developing PC games under the brand "TaleWorlds Entertainment" since 2005. The company's first game, "Mount & Blade", was completed in September 2008, its second game ' was released on March 29, 2010, and its third game was ' was released on May 3, 2011.
Their studio is located in Middle East Technical University(METU)-Technopolis. The studio is currently working on "" as confirmed in a PC Gamer interview by Designer and Producer Mikail Yazbeck.
Taleworlds Entertainment was founded by Armağan Yavuz, who studied Computer Engineering in Bilkent University. The idea of being a company became a reality after gamers provided huge support to a hobby project called "Mount & Blade", while it was still in its beta stage. The company started to sell e-copies of the beta version of the game online, which funded the development of their first game via the online-sales income.
Publishing their first game in 2008, Taleworlds Entertainment managed to sell over one million copies of the game throughout the world, and reported over three million dollars in revenue. The company developed their second game "Mount & Blade: Warband" as a sequel.
In 2014 Taleworlds released "Mount & Blade: Warband" on Nvidia Shield, and for the first time, Taleworlds Entertainment published a game on a platform other than the PC.
In 2014, a Russian game studio named Snowbird Games published an RPG called "Caribbean!", a 17th-century pirate RPG which takes place in the Caribbean, developed on the same game engine as "Mount & Blade". These were the developers that created Mount & Blade: With Fire and & Sword.
It was announced in 2012 that Taleworlds Entertainment is working on a new and long-awaited second game of the series, titled "Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord". The release date is not yet known.

</doc>
<doc id="14553359" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14553359" title="Mercator (company)">
Mercator (company)

Mercator Limited is an Indian company. It was earlier known as Mercator Lines Ltd.. The Mercator group of companies has diversified business interests in Coal, Oil & Gas, Commodity Transportation and Dredging. Mercator Limited (formerly Mercator Lines Ltd.) is the parent company and is the second largest private sector shipping company in India based in Mumbai. It has recently forayed into the Offshore business with its subsidiaries Mercator Oil and Gas Ltd and Mercator Offshore Ltd.
Mercator Ltd. is the second largest private sector shipping company in India in terms of tonnage.
Mercator Ltd was incorporated on 24 November 1983 as a private limited company. It was converted into a public limited company on 3 April 1984.
It has done pioneering work by operating vessels in some uncharted rivers like the Tapti and has thus opened new navigational routes. It has diversified itself into various business segments.
Mr. H. K. Mittal the promoter of the company took it over in the year 1988 and the company has become the second largest private sector shipping company in India in terms of tonnage.
Since its maiden public issue in 1993, it has grown in terms of financial parameters like turnover, profits, tonnage and market capitalization. Presently the shares of the Company are listed on Mumbai Stock Exchange and National Stock Exchange. During April 2005, the Company completed its first international offering of Foreign Currency Convertible Bonds aggregating USD 60 mn. The issue is listed on Singapore Stock Exchange.
The Company also added new business segment namely Offshore Drilling with acquisition of Jack-Up Rig. The rig received ahead of its schedule; was deployed immediately upon delivery in March 2009; for a period of three years on firm bare boat charter. The Group has opted out of the Offshore Drilling segment wef March 2011 as strategic decision.
The Company also forayed into dredging and presently owns a fleet of four THSD Dredgers & one CSD Dredger.
Mercator Group has also acquired economic interest in coal mines in Mozambique and Indonesia with substantial coal resources; as a measure of backward integration to strengthen its shipping activities and to meet the huge energy demand in India. The commercial operations in Indonesia have already commenced.
Mercator commenced its Wet Bulk business in 1998 by acquiring the vessel M. T. Richa (9,750 DWT) and entered into crude oil transportation in 2003. In a very short span of time, it has grown to be amongst the major Indian companies in this segment. Mercator is the second largest tanker owners in the private sector in India in terms of tonnage. The company operates its fleet as a mix of spot contracts (single-voyage) and period contracts (fixed-term). The Company presently has a consolidated DWT of 760,189 tones for this segment.
In addition to its usage for transportation of cargo, tankers can also be used as offshore storage facilities. The Company has one such modern Aframax tanker on a long term period contract.
Mercator also is the first Indian company to have its complete Tanker fleet of double hull
Mercator’s Dry Bulk shipping business is handled through its Singapore listed subsidiary, Mercator Lines (Singapore) Limited (MLS). Commencing operations in 2005, it has established a market presence in the Indian coal transport market, specializing in the transportation of dry bulk commodities, such as coal into India from Australia and Indonesia; and iron ore from India to countries such as China.
Mercator’s network strength in the Indian markets helps maximize the capacity usage efficiencies by utlilizing its ships on the triangular route of Indonesia – India – China – Indonesia.
Mercator also provides its customers with shipping. The Group primarily services large thermal-based power plants and steel companies, and has established strong relationships with reputed end-user customers such as Vale, Tata Power, Arcelor Mittal Group and COSCO to name a few
MLS presently controls an operating fleet of 18 vessels including a VLOC, which is the largest bulk carrier in India and Singapore
Mercator Ltd was have been in business of Coal transportation & Logistics since 1995 & served many Thermal Power Station in India.
Mercator Ltd entered into Coal business in 2008 as backward integration. Coal business includes Coal Mining, Coal Trading, Handling & shipping
Mercator Ltd acquired coal mines in Indonesia with substantial coal resources, as a measure of backward integration.
Mercator also provides shipping in India.
Mercator first forayed into the Oil & Gas business in 2004, when it chartered a Floating Storage and Offloading (FSO) Unit to BG Group. Since then, the oil & gas division has seen a steady growth with the most recent achievement being the Sagar Samrat Conversion Project for ONGC. Floating Storage and Offloading (FSO) Units and a Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) in Nigeria, the Oil & Gas vertical has proved itself as a strategic component of Mercator’s philosophy of diversified growth.
Company placed the order for a Jack Up Rig in November 2007 with Keppel FELLS Ltd which was delivered in 2009 & was immediately contracted to one of private sector shipping company in India. The Group has opted out of the Offshore Drilling segment wef March 2011 as strategic decision.
In 2010, Mercator won a contract for Charter of a Floating Production Unit (FPU), which is a combination of a MOPU and an FSO, from Afren Plc., a UK listed Company, with worldwide operations in oil exploration. To execute this, Mercator provided Engineering, Procurement, Construction, Installation and Commissioning (EPCIC) services successfully at an oil field in Nigeria, with the services customized as per the requirements of the Charterer. This project was executed in 432 days, working around the clock and coordinating the project from various parts of the world. Mercator is currently operating the FPU at the Ebok field in Nigeria.
On 17 November 2011, a consortium of Mercator and Gulf Piping Company, Abu Dhabi was awarded an EPC contract by ONGC for conversion of their Mobile Offshore Drilling Unit ("MODU") ‘Sagar Samrat’ into Mobile Offshore Production Unit ("MOPU"). The detailed engineering design is by GL Noble Denton, UAE For Marine Part and Samsung Heavy Industries India Pvt. Ltd (SHI-I) for Production Facility.It is purely Indian and the infrastructure of the mill is on the Indian Rupee 1 note

</doc>
<doc id="14554379" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14554379" title="Carrozzeria Castagna">
Carrozzeria Castagna

Carrozzeria Castagna is an Italian coachbuilding company based in Milan, Italy
The company history began in 1849 when Carlo Castagna bought the Ferrari coachbuilding business. Carrozzeria Castagna built the first coach automobile with a 
combustion engine (Benz quadricycle). 
Later the company worked with larger car manufacturers, including: Isotta Fraschini, Duesenberg, Alfa Romeo, Lancia, and Mercedes-Benz. 
The original company ceased in 1954 
The famous company name was revived twice in the 1990s.
The latest works of the company include the Mini (BMW).

</doc>
<doc id="14554451" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14554451" title="Embarcadero Technologies">
Embarcadero Technologies

Embarcadero Technologies is an American computer software company that develops, manufactures, licenses, and supports products and services related to software through several product divisions. It was founded in 1993, went public in 2000, and private in 2007, and was sold by Thoma Cressey Bravo to Idera in 2015, and Embarcadero Technologies is now a division of Idera used for its developer tools business.
Founded in October 1993 by Stephen Wong and Stuart Browning with a single tool for Sybase database administrators released in December of the same year Rapid SQL, it later added tools for software development on Microsoft Windows and other operating systems, and for database design, development and management, for platforms including Oracle, Microsoft SQL Server, IBM DB2 and MySQL.
In April 2000 Embarcadero Technologies had its initial public offering, and was listed on NASDAQ with symbol EMBT.
In November the same year, the company acquired GDPro, a Unified Modeling Language software provider. In October 2005 Embarcadero acquired data security business Ambeo. In June 2007, Thoma Cressey Bravo bought Embarcadero, and it became a private company. Wayne Williams was appointed chief executive officer of Embarcadero Technologies in 2007.
On May 7, 2008 Borland Software Corporation announced that its software development tools division, CodeGear, was to be sold to Embarcadero Technologies for an expected $23 million price and $7 million in CodeGear accounts receivables retained by Borland. The acquisition closed on June 30, 2008 for approximately $24.5 million.
In December 2011, Embarcadero announced AppWave, an enterprise app store for PCs running Microsoft Windows instead of mobile phones. The platform supports Embarcadero software, commercial titles and free and open source apps.
In April 2012 it was moved to a web site called AppWave Store.
The company headquarters is in San Francisco, California, with international offices in Toronto, Sydney, Munich, Maidenhead (United Kingdom) Alicante (Spain) and Iaşi (Romania). the company had an annual revenue of $100 million, and about 500 employees on its payroll.
In 2014 Embarcadero Technologies nearly acquired the CA ERwin Data Modeler product from CA, Inc.. This acquisition was blocked by the Department of Justice over anti-competitive concerns.
In October 2015 it was announced that the company is to be sold to a database performance tool vendor called Idera.
In July 2008 Embarcadero acquired CodeGear from the Borland Software Corporation.
Codegear owned a number of application development products, the most important ones that are still developed in 2016 are:

</doc>
<doc id="14554971" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14554971" title="Agava">
Agava

Agava was founded in 1998 by Vladimir Panfilovich a graduate of Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology. He founded a small organization which specialized in development of software.
The project Joblist became the first flower of Agava in 1999. The web site was dedicated to the search for work and to the selection of employees. In 2000 a hosting service was started. As of 2007, Agava was amongst the top 5 largest hosting companies of Russia. It has offices in Moscow, and branches in Dubna, Bishkek and Minsk.

</doc>
<doc id="14555687" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14555687" title="Nyrstar">
Nyrstar

Nyrstar N.V is a mining and metals business that specialises in zinc. Nyrstar has mining, smelting, and other operations located in Europe, the Americas, China and Australia. Nyrstar was created in 2007 by combining the zinc smelting and alloying operations of Zinifex (an Australian mining company, now merged with Oxiana Limited to form OZ Minerals) and Umicore (a Belgian materials technology company). It is incorporated in Belgium and has its corporate office in Switzerland. Nyrstar is listed on Euronext Brussels.
Nyrstar has 9 mines in total: in Canada, Chile, Honduras, Mexico, Peru and the United States. Nyrstar has 6 smelters (in Australia, Belgium, France, Netherlands, and the United States) and 1 fumer in Norway. In January 2016, Nyrstar formally launched a sales process for all its mining assets.
On 29 October 2007, Nyrstar listed on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange through an initial public offering (IPO) and joined the BEL20 index in its annual reshuffle on 4 March 2008. The firm lost its position in the index a year later.
On 5 May 2011 Nyrstar announced that it had successfully completed the placement of its five-year 5.375% fixed rate bonds due 2016 through a public offering in Belgium and Luxembourg. The offering was increased from EUR 150 million to EUR 525 million and the subscription period, initially planned to close on 6 May 2011, was closed early on 2 May 2011.
A further rights offering was completed by the company on 29 February 2016 for around EUR 274 million.
The equity raise was part of a wider package of balance sheet strengthening actions announced by the CEO Bill Scotting on 9 November 2015.
The measures also included a zinc metal pre-pay agreement of $150m which was unveiled in December 2015.
Scotting came to Nyrstar from ArcelorMittal in August 2015, replacing the then Acting CEO, Heinz Eigner, who had held this interim role since the departure of Roland Junck in November 2014. Scotting has since early 2016 started re-positioning Nyrstar as a company focused mainly on smelting as its core operations, moving the strategy away from the vertical integration plan (smelting & mining) of the Junck era.
On 27 April 2016, the Board appointed a new Chairman, Martyn Konig, after Julien De Wilde stepped down from that position. Konig had been voted onto the Board in April 2015 as a Non-Executive Independent Director.

</doc>
<doc id="14555836" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14555836" title="Velyka Kyshenia">
Velyka Kyshenia

Velyka Kyshenia (, "big pocket") is a retail group based in Kiev, Ukraine which owns several supermarkets and hypermarkets in Ukraine and Moldova.

</doc>
<doc id="14555858" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14555858" title="China Agri-Industries Holdings">
China Agri-Industries Holdings

China Agri-Industries Holdings Limited () is a leading producer and supplier of processed agricultural products (including oilseed, wheat and rice) in Mainland China. Its service categories are biofuel and biochemical, oilseed processing, rice trading and processing, brewing materials, and wheat processing. Its Chairman is Chi Jingtao.
It was split from COFCO International Limited (Now China Foods Limited) and listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 21 March 2007. Since 10 September 2007, it has been added to be a member of Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index Constitute Stock (i.e. Red chip).
China Agri-Industries Holdings has five operating divisions with total revenues in 2010 of HK$53.49 billion and profit of HK$1.283 billion. In order of relative size, the divisions include oilseed processing, biofuels and biochemical, rice trading and processing, wheat processing and brewing materials. Oilseed processing comprised nearly two-thirds of total revenue for the first half of 2011. China Agri-Industries Holdings is China’s leading fuel ethanol producer. Its facilities include the first and only non-grain-based fuel ethanol producer in China, using tapioca as raw material.

</doc>
<doc id="14557072" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14557072" title="Manaus Energia">
Manaus Energia

Manaus Energia is a Brazilian energy company operating in the Manaus area of Amazonas state. The company has its headquarters in Manaus.
The company aims to produce energy economically and renewably and is responsible for managing hydroelectric dam operations in the area such as the Balbina dam under the Eletronorte system. The Balbina dam located on the Uatumã River was opened in 1989 to some controversy due to the relocation of local tribesmen and the flooding impact on the forest. 
The dam generates an average of 112.2 MW of electricity from the river system and floods a total of 2360 km of rainforest

</doc>
<doc id="14558051" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14558051" title="Schopf">
Schopf

SCHOPF Maschinenbau GmbH is a German company that produces specialist vehicles for the mining and aviation industries.
The company was founded in 1948 by Jörg Schopf, a mechanical engineer. It started out with manufacturing equipment for the mining industry. It soon expanded into the growing sector of aviation by manufacturing stair lifts, tow trucks and loading machinery. It is now considered the global market leader in this field.
Products supplied for both civil and military aviation include a complete range of tugs to handle aircraft in every weight range, the unique PowerPush remotely controlled pushback system, container / pallet loaders and passenger stairs. In supplying to NATO, major airlines, ground handling companies and airports around the globe, 90% of SCHOPF’s aviation related production is for export, with deliveries to more than 130 countries.
SCHOPF’s range of mining vehicles comprises underground loaders suited for various materials and volumes, together with dump trucks produced in collaboration with an international partner.
Product conception, design, manufacture and sales are carried out by a team of 130 workers, all based at the factory in Ostfildern near Stuttgart in south western Germany.
The company's most powerful tow tractor, the F396P, is used to tow the world's largest cargo aircraft (Antonov An-225) and the Airbus A380, the largest passenger aircraft.

</doc>
<doc id="14559306" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14559306" title="InXitu">
InXitu

inXitu was a company based in Mountain View, California, which developed portable X-ray diffraction (XRD) and X-ray fluorescence (XRF) analysis instruments. The company name was a combination of the terms "in situ" and "X-ray", portraying the company's dedication to developing X-ray instruments that could be easily transported to the original site of the material being analyzed.
The basis for inXitu began in 2003 when Philippe Sarrazin worked with NASA to file a patent on techniques used to develop the CheMin instrument for the Mars "Curiosity" rover. Sarrazin left NASA to form inXitu Research, which received two Small Business Innovation Research grants from Ames Research Center in 2004 to continue work on CheMin. inXitu Research merged with Microwave Power Technology (MPT) in 2007 and incorporated as inXitu, Inc. MPT's research and development in high vacuum systems was meshed with inXitu's experience with XRD equipment, and in early 2008 the company released "Terra", a commercial field-portable XRD/XRF instrument. Bradley Boyer joined the company as President and Chief Executive Officer in September 2008. inXitu formed a partnership with Innov-X in December 2008, in which inXitu would manufacture XRD equipment for sale under the Innov-X brand name.
Also in 2008, inXitu worked with the Getty Conservation Institute to develop "X-Duetto", a portable and non-destructive XRD/XRF device used for the analysis of works of art. It was commercially released as "Duetto" in mid 2009. The company released the "BTX" instrument in mid 2009, which is a desktop XRD/XRF device developed from Terra; the second generation "BTX-II" was released in early 2010.
inXitu was purchased by Olympus in November 2011.

</doc>
<doc id="14560429" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14560429" title="Ontario Co-operative Association">
Ontario Co-operative Association

The Ontario Co-operative Association or On Co-op is a co-operative association serving co-operatives and co-op member organizations in Ontario, Canada. On Co-op is one of nine Anglophone provincial cooperative associations across Canada and collaborates with the Conseil de la coopération de l'Ontario (CCO), its Francophone counterpart in Ontario.
Originally formed as the Canadian Co-operative Association, Ontario Region in 1989, On Co-op incorporated as an independent co-operative in 2002. The Association has about 60 members across Ontario. The mission of On Co-op is to lead, cultivate and connect co-operatives in Ontario. Its purpose is to develop, unite, promote and be a common voice for co-operatives throughout the province of Ontario. On Co-op provides professional development, networking, programs and services to support its members and to develop and strengthen the Ontario co-operative movement. On Co-op recognizes outstanding co-operative businesses and individuals through its Co-operative Spirit Recognition Awards.
On Co-op's programs and services are currently organized according to four strategic areas: Lifelong Co-operative Learning; Government Relations; Communications and Member Relations; and Co-operative Development. Some of its best known programs include the Co-operative Conference and Gala, the Co-operative Young Leaders (CYL) program, its Queen's Park/MPP Reception,its Co-operative Internship Experience Program and the Co-operative Spirit Recognition Awards.
On Co-op maintains the province's only online database of co-operatives, credit unions and caisses populaires, called the Find a Co-op e-directory.
The Ontario Co-operative Association is a member of the Canadian Co-operative Association, the Agricultural Adaptation Council, the Association of Co-operative Educators, Co-op Zone, the Cooperative Communicators Association, The Foundation for Rural Living, and The Ontario Rural Council.

</doc>
<doc id="14560627" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14560627" title="Quanta Services">
Quanta Services

Quanta Services is a U.S. corporation that provides engineering, procurement and construction services for electric power infrastructure and oil and gas infrastructure industries, and formerly for telecommunications and broadband cable. Capabilities include the planning, design, installation, maintenance and repair of most types of network infrastructure. In June 2009, Quanta Services was added to the S&P 500 index, replacing Ingersoll-Rand.
Quanta Services employs about 26,000 people, approximately 2,300 of which are salaried. Its operating companies achieved combined revenues of about $7.57 billion in 2015. It is headquartered in Houston, Texas. In 1998 Quanta went public on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol, PWR.
Quanta Services was founded in 1997 to create an integrated, comprehensive and nationwide network of infrastructure contractors to meet the evolving needs of electric utility and telecommunications companies. With deregulation driving fundamental changes in the electric power industry, the founders anticipated a dramatic expansion in outsourcing of the design, installation, repair and maintenance of power transmission and power distribution networks.
The company quickly grew from $152 million in revenue in its first year to more than $2 billion in 2000. In addition to the telecommunications and power industries, Quanta soon started to develop capabilities in natural gas infrastructure, and has also expanded into a variety of specialty services. A list of their main services are listed below.
Electric Power
Oil and Gas Contractor
On March 14, 2016, Earl C. “Duke” Austin succeed former chief executive officer, Jim O’Neil. Austin is currently president, chief executive officer and chief operating officer. He is a graduate of Sam Houston State University in Huntsville, Texas and is the former president of Quanta’s Operating Unit, North Houston Pole Line.
On April 2, 2012, Derrick A. Jensen succeed former chief financial officer, James H. Haddox. Jensen is a graduate of Oklahoma State University. 
The man behind the creation of Quanta Services is former executive chairman, John R. Colson. After earning a degree in geology from the University of Missouri at Kansas City, Colson entered the military and served one year in Vietnam. He was discharged from the Army in 1971 and returned to Kansas City, taking temporary employment at PAR Electrical Contractors, Inc., which built high-voltage transmission lines, distribution lines, and substations, and provided other electric utility infrastructure services.
Colson's initial job was to carry stakes for a survey team. Within three years he was named manager of engineering services, and after six he had worked his way up to vice-president of operations. After becoming executive vice-president and general manager in the early 1980s, he began buying the company, became president in 1991, and ultimately emerged as its owner.
In the 1990s, the electrical contracting business was highly fragmented, populated by more than 50,000 companies, the vast majority of which were small, owner-operated enterprises. Deregulation in the electric utility industries in a number of states prompted utilities to become more cost-competitive, leading to the outsourcing of infrastructure work to contractors who could do the job more efficiently. Moreover, much of the transmission and distribution infrastructure in the United States was aging and in need of repair or replacement. In 1997, Colson spearheaded the combination of four contractors to form Quanta Services, Inc., which then established its headquarters in Houston with Colson as its head. In addition to PAR, Quanta consisted of Union Power Construction Co., Trans Tech Electric Inc., and Potelco, Inc.
With BT Alex Brown Incorporated, BancAmerica Robertson Stephens, and Sanders Morris Mundy Inc. serving as underwriters, Quanta completed its IPO in February 1998, raising $45 million. Of that amount, $21 million was used to pay the cash portion of the buyouts of the four founding companies. Much of the balance, along with a $175 million line of credit arranged with a consortium of nine banks, was used on over a dozen acquisitions completed in 1998. Acquired telecom companies included Manuel Brothers; Smith Contracting; Telecom Network Specialists; North Pacific Construction Company; NorAm Telecommunications; Spalj Construction Company; and Golden State Utility Company. Acquired electric contractors included Harker & Harker; Sumter Builders; and Environmental Professional Associates. Hybrid acquisitions included Wilson Roadbores and Underground Construction Company.
A secondary offering was completed in late January 1999. The company had planned to sell 3.5 million shares at $21 per share, but interest was so strong that in the end 4.6 million shares were sold at $23.25 per share. All told, Quanta realized $101.1 million, money used to fund the acquisition of 40 additional companies, which in total cost $323.6 million in cash and notes and 15 million shares of stock. Many of these additions were made to expand Quanta's business in gas transmission and cable television.
In 2001 UtiliCorp United Inc. (now Aquila, Inc.), an energy company with whom PAR had been doing business since the 1950s, began taking steps to gain control of Quanta. UtiliCorp owned about 36 percent of Quanta, an investment that was originally part of a strategic alliance when UtiliCorp outsourced all of its maintenance needs to Quanta. Quanta resisted, and in October 2001 the two parties signed a standstill agreement. A month later Quanta adopted a "poison pill" plan to prevent a takeover, prompting UtiliCorp to sue. A proxy fight ensued in the spring of 2002. Quanta maintained that UtiliCorp, which was enduring difficult times, wanted to gain controlling interest in order to consolidate Quanta's earnings with its own balance sheet. The fight came to an end in May 2002, as Quanta fended off the takeover bid.
On November 20, 2012, Quanta Services sold its telecommunications subsidiaries for $275 million in cash to Dycom.
On August 4, 2015, Quanta Services sold its fiber optic licensing operations (Sunesys) to Crown Castle International Corp. (NYSE: CCI) for approximately $1 billion in cash.
On August 30, 2007, Quanta Services acquired InfraSource Services (NYSE: IFS) through an all-stock deal. Before the merger, Engineering News-Record ranked Quanta Services as the second-largest specialty contractor in the United States and InfraSource Services as No. 8. This acquisition received popular attention after being given positive coverage on Jim Cramer's Mad Money show, in Smart Money, and in TheStreet.
In September 2009, Quanta Services announced that a deal had been struck to acquire Price Gregory, the largest U.S. gas pipeline construction company, for $350 million. With this acquisition, Quanta Services is expected to have consolidated 2009 revenue of $4.4 billion.
On October 22, 2010, Quanta Services announced agreement to acquire Canada's largest electric power line contractors 'Valard Construction' for approximately US$219 million.
On June 13, 2016 American Electric Power (AEP) received the 89th annual Edison Electric Institute's (EEI's) 2016 Edison Award, the electric power industry's most prestigious honor, for its Energized Reconductor Project in the Lower Rio Grande Valley (LRGV) of Texas. The 240 mile project was possible because of Quanta Energized Services (QES) live-line planning capabilities and North Houston Pole Line’s construction expertise.
Quanta Services has a large number of Operating Units that can broadly be classified into Electric & Gas Services. Each typically operates independently. A list of current Quanta Services operating companies is provided below.
Quanta's North America Electric Power Operating Units
 Quanta's North America Natural Gas Operating Units
 Quanta's International Operating Units

</doc>
<doc id="14561235" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14561235" title="Mr. Fables">
Mr. Fables

Mr. Fables, a DBA of Grand Rapids Innkeepers Management, Inc., was a chain of cafeteria-style family restaurants located throughout Western Michigan. Two cousins formed the chain after taking over the Kewpee Beefburger stand from, dad and uncle, Gerald Boyles. The name "Fables" was the result of putting together the last names of the two cousins: Faber & Boyles. It was known for its olive burgers and secret recipes for Mr. Fables hamburger dressing and onion ring batter. At its peak, the chain had 17 restaurants. Their advertising slogan for many years was, "People like Mr. Fables, people like you."
In 1929, Gerald Boyles opened a licensed Kewpee location on North Division Avenue in Grand Rapids. Gerald developed two secret recipes for a burger dressing and onion ring batter. In 1963, Gerald's son, John Boyles and his cousin, Dick Faber, purchased Gerald's Kewpee business and renamed it Mr. Fables (Fab+les). In 1988, Boyles and Faber sold the chain including licensing for the secret recipes (provided that they remain secret) to Colonel Chicken, Inc., incorporated by Donald W. Reynolds (later Fables-Innkeepers Management, Inc. then Grand Rapids Innkeepers Management, Inc.). Faber and Boyles hoped the new owner would grow the chain.
Mr. Fables fell victim to the national chains in the late 1990s. While the Fables stores occupied many of the premium real estate locations throughout Grand Rapids, they were sold off piece by piece. Some of those locations were purchased by New Beginnings Family Restaurants. Mr. Fables was one of the original tenants of the Woodland Mall in Grand Rapids and of the Westshore Mall in Holland. In addition to Grand Rapids and Holland, Mr. Fables also operated locations in Grand Haven, Muskegon, Big Rapids, and Benton Harbor over its many decades in business.
The last Mr. Fables closed in 2000.
They were known for the Deluxe or a Mr. Fabulous. Such that the Filling Station, a member restaurant of the Mr. Burger restaurant business, mimics it with its “Mr. Fabulous Burger”. Harvard Bar and New Beginnings Family Restaurants also attempt to copy the Mr. Fables with olive burgers. They also had kids meals (called a 'Munch Box') with toys.
Gerald Boyles developed two secret recipes for the chain when it was still a Kewpee: burger dressing/sauce and onion ring batter. It was distributed by Gordon Food Service and made by Chadalee (now Litehouse Inc.) at its Lowell facility.
Bill Lewis, Yesterdog restaurant owner and former Mr. Fables employee, apparently owns the Mr. Fables trademark and would be allowed access to the Mr. Fables secret recipes by Boyles and Faber if he wished to restart the Mr. Fables restaurant.

</doc>
<doc id="14562194" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14562194" title="COPC Inc.">
COPC Inc.

COPC Inc., is a privately held management consulting company based in Winter Park Florida that specialises in customer experience transformation. COPC Inc. provides performance improvement consulting, training, certification, and benchmarking. Clients of COPC Inc. include Apple, Microsoft, Sprint, HTC, Mattel, RBS, DiGi, Canal Digital, UWV, ToysRus, Datacom Sitel, and Citigroup. COPC Inc. is well known in the customer experience industry and many of the industry associated organisations actively promote them 
According to the World Bank "COPC standards and certifications are the fastest-growing industry-specific standards that provide compliance parameters in areas such as client satisfaction, computer infrastructure, and accuracy of responses" 
In 1996, the COPC Family of Standards was developed by buyers, providers and senior managers responsible for operational management. The group included representatives from American Express, Compaq, Dell, Intel, L.L. Bean, Microsoft, Motorola and Novell. It is performance-centric and data-driven, using processes and people as enablers and leadership and planning as drivers. Based on the Baldrige Criteria for Performance Excellence framework, COPC Inc. combines pragmatic business sense with stringent high performance benchmarks. With over 1500 sites across the world using it, the COPC Inc. standard is the de facto performance management system in the Customer Service and BPO space. Co-founders of COPC Inc. include, Cliff Moore, Alton Martin and Peter Bloom.
The current COPC Inc. Standards Committee evolved from the initial group of business professionals that formed the first edition of the COPC CSP Standard, and precedes the founding of the company. The Standards Committee is made up of volunteers from organizations that implement the COPC Family of Standards. Standards Committee members are responsible for proposing improvements to the COPC Family of Standards and promoting implementation of the standards. The committee meets twice annually
There are four core standards that are maintained and updated by the committee, these include:
Each of these standards can quickly take an organization to high performance and process maturity 
The COPC® Family of Standards were created by COPC Inc. to provide a benchmark for buyers of contact center services, marked by the COPC Inc. Family of Standards. COPC Inc. Certification provides defined processes, measured metrics, and outcomes to highlight qualified suppliers. To become certified, COPC Inc. offers suppliers consulting services, benchmarking services, training, and installation, a process designed to help companies continually measure customer contact center performance.
Based on this performance management system COPC Inc. conducts:
In 2012 COPC Inc. launched the Performance Improvement Criteria which defines best practices for contact centers and BPO companies. Performance Improvement Criteria is a set of operational requirements are based on the COPC Customer Service Provider (CSP) Standard. The stated importance of Performance Improvement Criteria is threefold:

</doc>
<doc id="14562631" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14562631" title="Abels Shipbuilders">
Abels Shipbuilders

Abels Shipbuilders Ltd is a ship and boat builder in Bristol, England. They are now the largest remaining shipbuilder in Bristol. In addition to boat building, the company have branched out into architectural sculptures, tidal energy and marine restoration. David Abels boat builders in currently in receivership.
Founded in 1980 by David Abels, the company took over part of the Albion Dockyard formerly occupied by Charles Hill & Sons who went out of business in 1977. The site includes the large covered dry dock originally built by Hilhouse in 1820, and has a capacity of 350 tonnes.
The company builds a wide variety of vessels up to 250 tonnes and in length in steel and aluminium, typically tugs, passenger and Roll-on/roll-off ferries, survey vessels, launches and work boats. Around 80% of orders are for UK customers although recently the company delivered aluminium patrol and ambulance boats to Nigeria. The company also built Pero's Bridge (the horned foot bridge) which opened in 1999. Recent and current work includes a 180 tonne, 250 passenger catamaran for Clyde Marine and the rebuild of the "Medway Queen" for the Medway Queen Preservation Society.
The company has been building ferries since at least 1985, when the 60 passenger "Island Princess" was delivered to Scottish owners, and she still operates as a whale watching boat off the Isle of Mull. Several further ferry orders followed including the Roll-on/roll-off ferry "Eynhallow" for Orkney Ferries in 1987, and the "Maid of the Forth" for the Forth River in 1989. In 2001 Abels secured a contract to build a twin deck ferry for the Portsmouth Harbour Ferry Company. Shortly afterwards the company was awarded a follow-on contract for a second ferry. The first ship, "Spirit of Gosport" was delivered successfully, but the second, "Spirit of Portsmouth" was only partially constructed when the customer cancelled the order,
however in 2016-17, 'Spirit of Portsmouth' was completed and renamed 'Forth Hope', she has become a medical ferry for Vine Trust in South America. 
The latest ferry built is the "Clyde Clipper" for Clyde Marine and delivered in July 2009. She is a 125grt catamaran or length and beam and able to carry up to 250 passengers. Powered is supplied by two Doosan diesel engines and the vessel has a speed of around {{convert|12|kn}.
In the lates 1980s, Abels began to construct a series of survey vessels for the UK Environment Agency. "Vigilance" was the first of four similar vessels and delivered by David Abels for work in the Bristol Channel in 1990. The follow on ships constructed were the "Sea Vigil" based on the South Coast, "Coastal Guardian" for the Mersey and "Water Guardian", based on the North East Coast, but spent some time in the Bristol Channel while Plymouth University chartered the "Vigilance". Ranging from 42 to 71 tonnes, and {{convert|15.8|to|16.5|m|ft|abbr=on}} in length, they are {{convert|10|kn}} ships operated by the Agency's National Marine Service. Their complement includes scientists and each are fitted for survey activities such as taking seabed samples, trawling and water sampling as methods to monitor the area's coastline, including use of Meteorological sea surface temperature equipment on a tow fish when required.
Vessels built by Abels Shipbuilders in Bristol include:

</doc>
<doc id="14567683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14567683" title="Sandora">
Sandora

Sandora LLC () is a Ukrainian juice company based in Mykolaiv, Ukraine. Founded in 1995, the company currently holds a 47 percent share of the Ukrainian juice market. In September 2007, American-based PepsiCo, Inc. purchased 80 percent ownership of Sandora's company holdings. The M&A deal legal support was conducted by Sayenko Kharenko law firm. In November 2007, PepsiAmericas, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc. jointly acquired the remaining 20% of Sandora. PepsiAmericas held a 60% interest in Sandora, and PepsiCo held 40% interest in Sandora. PepsiCo acquired PepsiAmericas in 2010 and took full ownership of Sandora.

</doc>
<doc id="14570784" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14570784" title="Collabora">
Collabora

Collabora is a global private company founded by Robert McQueen, Philippe Kalaf and Robert Taylor based in Cambridge, United Kingdom, with offices in Cambridge and Montreal. It provides open-source consultancy, training and products to companies.
Collabora's initial focus was instant messaging (IM), Voice over IP (VoIP) and videoconferencing technologies, but the company has since expanded its offering to include general multimedia, mobile web technologies, collaboration infrastructure, automotive infotainment platforms, graphics optimization, multimedia interoperability & productivity software. It is one of the main developers of LibreOffice.
In 2015, the Crown Commercial Service announced the introduction of Collabora GovOffice and Collabora CloudSuite in all non-profit making government organisations.

</doc>
<doc id="14572060" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14572060" title="Busbetrieb Aarau AG">
Busbetrieb Aarau AG

Busbetrieb Aarau AG, trading as AAR bus+bahn, is a public transport operator serving the city of Aarau, Switzerland and the surrounding areas in the Canton of Aargau. It operates one train line serving the town of Schöftland, through Aarau to its terminus at Menziken. The company also operates buses on six lines across the region.
As of January 2014 the fleet consisted of 30+ vehicles 

</doc>
<doc id="14575665" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14575665" title="Federated Insurance Company of Canada">
Federated Insurance Company of Canada

Federated Insurance Company of Canada ("Federated Insurance") is a direct writer of property and casualty insurance products headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The Company has approximately 370 employees in nine offices across Canada, with approximately 150 in Winnipeg. Federated Insurance has an A. M. Best rating of "A (Excellent)."
During the 1890s, the retail implement dealers in Minnesota formed an association, which proved to be very successful. In 1904, these dealers decided to try to reduce their insurance costs by organizing their own insurance company.
Initially, the Company was known as the Minnesota Implement Mutual Fire Insurance Company, and retained this name for many years. They would later become the Mutual Implement and Hardware Insurance Company, then Federated Mutual Implement and Hardware Insurance Company and, finally, Federated Mutual Insurance Company ("Federated Mutual").
On January 1, 1948, Federated Mutual entered the casualty insurance field, and was one of the first major insurance companies to write both fire and casualty insurance. In November 1949, accident and health coverage was added, with group accident and health insurance being written for various trade associations and employer groups. Federated Life Insurance Company ("Federated Life") was organized in January 1959.
Northbridge Financial Corporation is a financial services holding company that, through its operating subsidiaries, is engaged in property and casualty insurance in Canada and in selected US and international markets. Northbridge is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd.
List of products offered by Federated Insurance Company of Canada:
List of markets in which Federated Insurance Company of Canada operates:

</doc>
<doc id="14575828" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14575828" title="SkyFuel">
SkyFuel

SkyFuel is a designer and provider of thermal concentrating solar power (CSP) equipment for utility scale power generation and industrial applications of steam. Energy from thermal CSP plants can be stored for later use and deliver electricity matched to the load profile of the utility company.
SkyFuel has two commercially available products – a parabolic trough concentrating solar collector (the SkyTrough) and a high reflectance silverized polymer film (ReflecTech). The SkyTrough is the first utility scale solar concentrator to use polymer reflectors rather than glass mirrors. The use of the polymer mirror allows the reflector to be made as one continuous large panel, which is lighter than glass mirrors and therefore the support frame can also be lighter. The SkyTrough system can be deployed in a stand-alone configuration for utility-scale electricity generation. It can also be integrated with fossil fuel power plants, such as natural gas-fired combined cycle power plants, to augment or displace some of the host plant’s steam production or, in the case of traditional coal plants, to provide feed-water heating. SkyTrough systems are also ideally suited for industrial process heat applications and sea-water desalination. SkyFuel is also developing next-generation, high-temperature parabolic trough and linear Fresnel systems.
The U.S. Department of Energy has awarded SkyFuel a $435,000 grant to develop its Linear Power Tower (LPT) system for utility-scale solar thermal power plants. The LPT is a high-temperature linear Fresnel system.

</doc>
<doc id="14577142" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14577142" title="Magazine Management">
Magazine Management

Magazine Management Co., Inc. was an American publishing company lasting from at least 1947 to the early 1970s, known for men's-adventure magazines, risque men's magazines, humor, romance, puzzle, celebrity/film and other types of magazines, and later adding comic books and black-and-white comics magazines to the mix. It was the parent company of Marvel Comics.
Founded by Martin Goodman, who had begun his career in the 1930s with pulp magazines published under a variety of shell companies, Magazine Management served as an early employer of such staff writers as Rona Barrett, Bruce Jay Friedman, David Markson, Mario Puzo, Martin Cruz Smith, Mickey Spillane, and Ernest Tidyman.
Subsidiaries of Magazine Management included Humorama, which published digest-sized magazines of girlie cartoons, Marvel Comics, and black-and-white comics magazines such as "Vampire Tales", "Savage Tales", and "Unknown Worlds of Science Fiction".
Founded by Martin Goodman, who had begun his career in the 1930s with pulp magazines published under a variety of shell companies, Magazine Management existed as of at least 1947. By the early 1960s, the company occupied the second floor at 60th Street and Madison Avenue. It published men's-adventure magazines with such writers as Bruce Jay Friedman, David Markson, Mario Puzo, Martin Cruz Smith, Mickey Spillane, and Ernest Tidyman; film magazines with writers including Rona Barrett, and humor publications, among other types. By the late 1960s, its men's-adventure magazines such "Stag" and "Male" had begun evolving into men's magazines, with pictorials about dancers and swimsuit models replaced by bikinis and discreet nude shots, with gradually fewer fiction stories, and eventually into pornographic magazines.
One division of the company was the Marvel Comics Group. As one-time Marvel editor-in-chief Roy Thomas recalled, "I was startled to learn in '65 that Marvel was just part of a parent company called Magazine Management."
In late 1968, Goodman sold all his publishing businesses to the Perfect Film and Chemical Corporation, which made the subsidiary Magazine Management Company the parent company of all the acquired Goodman concerns. Goodman remained as publisher until 1972. Perfect Film and Chemical renamed itself Cadence Industries and renamed Magazine Management as Marvel Comics Group in 1973, the first of many changes, mergers, and acquisitions that led to what became the 21st century corporation Marvel Entertainment.
As writer Dorothy Gallagher reminisced in 1998,
Author Adam Parfrey, in his book about men's adventure magazines, described how,
Magazine Management's publications included such men's adventure magazines as "For Men Only", "Male" and "Stag", edited during the 1950s by Noah Sarlat. As well, there was such ephemera as a one-shot black-and-white "nudie cutie" comic, "The Adventures of Pussycat" (Oct. 1968), that reprinted some stories of the sexy, tongue-in-cheek secret-agent strip that ran in some of his men's magazines. Marvel Comics writers Stan Lee, Larry Lieber and Ernie Hart, and artists Wally Wood, Al Hartley, Jim Mooney, and Bill Everett and "good girl art" cartoonist Bill Ward contributed.

</doc>
<doc id="14579708" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14579708" title="Wartski">
Wartski

Wartski is a British family firm of antique dealers specialising in Russian works of art; particularly those by Carl Fabergé, fine jewellery and silver. Founded in North Wales in 1865, the business is now located at 14 Grafton Street in Mayfair, London. The company holds royal appointments as jewellers to the Queen and the Prince of Wales.
The firm was founded in Bangor, North Wales by Morris Wartski in 1865, a refugee from the Tsarist pogroms, who had established, first, a jewellery business on Bangor's High Street, and then a drapery store. His son, Isidore, went on to develop the drapery business and to create a large, fashionable, store. He also developed the Castle Inn on High Street in Bangor, into the high-class Castle Hotel. He was a popular mayor of the city and a patron of local sports and charities. Wartski Fields were bequeathed to the city and people of Bangor by his widow, Winifred Marie, in memory of Isidore Wartski.
Another of Morris's sons went on to develop the jewellery part of the business into an international player. Morris Wartski's two sons, Harry and Charles, went into the business but when Charles was injured in a cycling accident, the business was moved in 1907 to the seaside town of Llandudno for the sake of his health. The Marquess of Anglesey was the best customer and David Lloyd George was engaged as the firm's lawyer. When Charles died in 1914, Harry ran the business with his father Morris and two brothers-in-law S. M. Benjamin and Emanuel Snowman. After the death of Morris Wartski and Benjamin, Harry was joined in the business in Llandudno by his son, Charles Wartski, and a nephew, Cecil Manson. A second jewellery and antique establishment was opened in Mostyn street, Llandudno. So fond of Llandudno was Harry Wartski that when the firm opened a branch in London's New Bond Street in 1911, it was given the name of Wartski of Llandudno. The firm moved via premises in the Quarant Arcade Regent Street and 139 Regent Street to its current location at 14 Grafton Street, Mayfair. The firm's distinctive shop-front on Grafton Street, designed by John Bruckland in 1974, was grade II listed by English Heritage in 2012. It is a rare survival of innovative twentieth century retail architecture in Mayfair.
With the Russian revolution, many of the aristocracy took with them large quantities of jewellery made by Carl Fabergé, jeweller to the Tsar. The pieces found their way into shops all over Europe. Harry Wartski painstakingly tracked them down and bought them for his shop. He and Snowman also bought some pieces from the Soviet government, whose collection attracted Royal patronage to the firm. Emanuel Snowman travelled to the USSR from 1925 onwards to negotiate the purchase of former Romanov jewels and "objets d'art" from the "Antiquariat", a commissariat established by the Bolsheviks to raise foreign currency. When King Farouk was deposed, Kenneth Snowman (Emmanuel Snowman's son) went to Cairo to buy up some of the Egyptian crown jewels which also included many Fabergé pieces. 
(Abraham) Kenneth Snowman (1919–2002), ran the London shop and wrote standard works, "The Art of Carl Fabergé" (1953), followed by "Carl Fabergé: Goldsmith to the Imperial Court of Russia" and "Eighteenth Century Gold Boxes of Europe" (1966), written at the urging of Sacheverell Sitwell. As a curator, Snowman organised the exhibitions of Fabergé at the Victoria and Albert Museum (1977) and at the Cooper-Hewitt Museum, New York (1983). He was elected a Fellow of the Society of Antiquaries in 1994 and appointed CBE for his services to the arts and to charitable institutions in 1997.
Wartski is owned by Nicholas Snowman, son of Kenneth and great-grandson of Morris Wartski. Geoffrey Munn is the present managing director of Wartski and is a well-known face on the BBC Antiques Roadshow; He is the author of several books on jewellery and is a Fellow of both The Society of Antiquaries and the Linnean Society. As curator he organised the exhibition "Tiaras" at the Victoria and Albert Museum in 2002. Munn was appointed OBE in 2013 for services to charity. Katherine Purcell and Kieran McCarthy are further directors of the company.
Kieran McCarthy was instrumental in the rediscovery of the missing Third Imperial Fabergé Easter Egg. The Egg was exhibited at Wartski in April 2014, the last time it was exhibited was over 112 years earlier at the Von Dervis Mansion in Saint Petersburg.
In 2011, Wartski made the ring for the wedding of Prince William and Catherine Middleton. The ring was fashioned from a piece of Welsh gold given to Prince William by Queen Elizabeth II. In 2005, Wartski made the wedding rings for Prince Charles and Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall.
Wartski were sole sponsors of 'Bejewelled Treasures', an exhibition of Indian and Indian-influenced jewellery from The Al Thani Collection staged at the Victoria and Albert Museum from November 2015 to March 2016.

</doc>
<doc id="14581050" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14581050" title="Maharashtra State Power Generation Company">
Maharashtra State Power Generation Company

The Mahanirmiti (महानिर्मिती) or Mahagenco (Maharashtra State Power Generation Company Limited - MSPGCL)formerly known as MSEB ( Maharashtra State Electricity Board) is the major power generating company in the state of Maharashtra, Western India. With a total generation of 10,737 MW, it is the second largest power producing company in India. The power generated by Mahagenco is supplied to the State of Maharashtra. It was a part of Maharashtra State Electricity Board (MSEB) until 06th June 2005.
It has been incorporated under Indian Companies Act 1956 pursuant to decision of Govt. of Maharashtra to reorganize Erstwhile Maharashtra State Electricity Board. Mahagenco has been incorporated in June 2005.
Mahagenco has the highest overall generation capacity and the highest thermal installed capacity amongst all the state power generation utilities in India. In terms of installed capacity, it is the second highest generation company after National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPCL). Mahagenco is the only State Utility having a very well balanced generation portfolio involving thermal, hydel & gas stations along with solar power plant. The first 500 MW plant to be installed in any State Utility belongs to Maharashtra.
Bold text

</doc>
<doc id="14582582" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14582582" title="Nepal Oil Corporation">
Nepal Oil Corporation

Nepal Oil Corporation Limited (NOC) ( is a state owned trading enterprise of Nepal that imports, stores and distributes various petroleum products in the country. It was established on 1970 by the Government of Nepal under the "Company Act, 2021 (1964)". The government owns 98.36% of its share and rest is contributed by four other state owned enterprises: Rastriya Beema Sansthan, National Trading Ltd., Nepal Bank Ltd. and Rastriya Banijya Bank.
In the very beginning, the trading activities of NOC were started by storing two products in two drums under the leadership of the late Mr. Subarna Bikram Thapa appointed by Government of Nepal. His persistent endeavor to develop NOC resulted in more than 30,000 kilolitres (kL) of storage facilities for petroleum products in different development regions of Nepal.
Nepal, being one of the land locked countries of south Asia, has to depend on India for the supply and distribution of various petroleum products as the eastern, southern and western part of the country is attached with India. The prospect of crude oil exploration in Nepal has not yet been proven a feasible one, so the entire national demand is met by import alone. From the very beginning of NOC's trading activities, a special and long-term supply arrangement has existed with Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (IOC), a leading national oil company of India, having more than 55% of the market share.
NOC, headquartered in Kathmandu, has over the years expanded and now has five regional offices, branch offices, fuel depots, and aviation fuel depots, with total existing storage capacity of 71,558 kilolitres (kL) and employing 508 permanent and other contract work force.
The highest policy making and controlling body of NOC is its Board of Directors. The Board is represented by all the shareholders.
Currently the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of NOC is the Managing Director who has the overall responsibility for day-to-day operations besides the Member-Secretary of NOC Board. Basically, the operations of NOC are coordinated under two broad categories of Marketing and Finance cum administration, each headed by Deputy Managing Director.

</doc>
<doc id="14583008" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14583008" title="Electra Guitars">
Electra Guitars

Electra was a brand of electric guitars and basses manufactured in Japan and distributed in the US by two companies owned by brothers: Saint Louis Music (SLM) and Pacific Coast Music in the 1970s and early 1980s. In 2013, the brand launched a successful comeback led by renowned luthiers Ben Chafin and Mick Donner.
Unlike most other brands of imported guitars which were sourced from a single manufacturer, Electra guitars were ordered from all the Japanese factories and distributors. As a result, early models especially vary in details and quality. Later, as all models came to be made by Matsumoku, Electra guitars offered high quality at competitive prices. However, the brand never entirely lost its association with inexpensive 'copy' guitars and the brand name was transitioned to Electra Westone in 1984 and Westone in 1985. The same qualities make them popular among collectors today.
In 2013 Ben Chafin, former head luthier at Dean Guitars, acquired the rights to Electra Guitars and is now producing new Electra Guitars. The first model available was a reissued and updated single cutaway Electra Omega, followed by the Omega Prime. After rave reviews and a growing roster of artist endorsements, Electra Guitars unveiled a number of new models in 2014 including the Invicta, Talon, Phoenix H & S Guitars and the Phoenix Bass. More about the current company and their guitars, basses, accessories and merchandise can be found at their official website Electra Guitars
In 1976 Electra MPC (Modular Powered Circuits) models featured a pair of cartridge slots in the guitar body, which allowed effect modules to be plugged in and controlled from the front of the guitar. Today the unusual thing is that the effects are on board, but even offering electronic effects to consumer musicians was fairly new at the time and offers an interesting alternate way to do it. 
There were a total of 18 guitar models which carried MPC circuits. The most notable was the Super Rock, which was a Les Paul copy. There were 12 total MPC modules offered.
In the assortment of modules offered was a "Mini Amp" module, which contained no effects but was a headphone amplifier for the guitar. This mini amp was actually the number 11 Module, Frog Nose. It did nothing except send a fairly weak clean guitar signal to headphones via the jack.

</doc>
<doc id="14585119" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14585119" title="Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature">
Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature

The Norwegian Society for the Conservation of Nature (), also known as Friends of the Earth Norway and commonly abbreviated NNV is the largest Norwegian environmental organization with approximately 20,000 members. The organization is based on a volunteer work among the members, constituting work both at local and national levels. NNV works within a large range of environmental areas. The organization is affiliated with Friends of the Earth, and member of INFORSE-Europe.
The society dates back to 1914 as the National Association for Natural Conservation ("Landsforeningen for Naturfredning"). In 1916 the association started its work after three regional chapters had been founded, and the first Chairman was Hjalmar Brock. The society changed its name in 1936 to the "Landsforeningen for Naturfredning i Norge", and again in 1951 to "Landsforbundet for naturvern i Norge". Its current name is from 1962. The first issue of the membership magazine "Norsk Natur" was published in 1965 and two years later Nature and Youth (Natur og Ungdom) was founded as the youth branch.
International activities include an educational project in 16 countries on sustainable energy and practical energy saving measures SPARE, which is also part of the INFORSE-Europe cooperation school activities. The SPARE activities started in eastern European countries in 1996-99, and became introduced in the previous Soviet Union countries since 2005, where it is spread in 7000 schools (2008).
The organisation has 18 county branches and 155 local groups throughout the country. In addition it has the youth branch Nature and Youth ("Natur og Ungdom") and the children's branch Eco-detectives ("Miljøagentene"). Their head office is located in Oslo. In total the NGO has more than 30 employees, some working in the county offices throughout the country. NNV publishes the magazine "Natur & Miljø", and previously published the news bulletin "Miljøjournalen"
Since 2012 the main policy areas for the organization have been climate change and nature conservation. Also, the organization is concerned with preserving coastal nature and increasing energy efficiency in buildings. The organization has a large foreign branch, which mainly runs projects on energy saving and environmental education. Most of these projects are located in Central and Eastern Europe, Central Asia and West Africa.
Lars Haltbrekken has been its leader since 2005, while Jan Thomas Odegard has been CEO since 2007. The highest authority of the organization is the biennial meeting, and in between these it is led by a 23-member national board (consisting of the county chairpersons and representatives from subordinate organizations and employees) as well as a six-member central board, consisting since 2011 of Lars Haltbrekken, Ingeborg Gjærum, Sunniva Pettersen Eidsvoll, Ingar Flatlandsmo, Per Flatberg and Eirin Hivand Haneberg. "Natur og Ungdom" is also represented in the central board with their leader.
The organisation is part of the 30 national organisations that constitute Friends of the Earth Europe.

</doc>
<doc id="14585913" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14585913" title="Company of Guinea">
Company of Guinea

The Company of Guinea was an official Portuguese governing institution whose task was to deal with spices imported during the Age of Discovery. It was called "Casa da Guiné" (House of Guinea), "Casa da Guiné e Mina" from 1482 to 1483 and "Casa da Índia e da Guiné" in 1499, or simply "Casa da Índia". It monitored and enforced the Crown's monopoly, coordinated voyages, maintained warehouses, fixed prices, and performed other roles associated with the Spice trade.

</doc>
<doc id="14587450" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14587450" title="Watersun Swimwear">
Watersun Swimwear

Watersun Swimwear is the oldest privately owned Australian swimwear and beachwear manufacturer. Established in the mid-1950s, Watersun has been synonymous with the Australian way of life in terms of Swimwear and Beach Fashions for nearing half a century. Its trademark Graphic Glamour Swimsuit Designs of the '60s, '70s and '80s were recently displayed in the Australian National Maritime Museum which paid tribute to the History of Australian Swimwear: Exposed! The Story of Swimwear.
Watersun was founded in Melbourne, Victoria, in 1955 by David Waters. Operating a retail outlet with manufacturing at the back of a small shop in Brunswick Street, Fitzroy, Watersun employed young new designers to gain notoriety with swimwear designs in a very conservative post-war Australia.
Watersun was sold in 1984 to ADA swimwear who subsequently filed for bankruptcy in 1987 with the current owner, IAMNSP Pty. Ltd., acquiring the trademarks for both Watersun and ADA in 2011.
A display of Watersun is featured in the Powerhouse Museum in Sydney reflecting the cultural design significance of the brand.

</doc>
<doc id="14588692" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14588692" title="Hydro Husnes">
Hydro Husnes

Hydro Husnes, formerly Sør-Norge Aluminium AS or SØRAL is one of seven aluminium producers in Norway.
The company is located in Husnes, Kvinnherad. The plant includes facilities for producing raw aluminium by electrolysis, casthouse for casting extrusion ingots, silos for storing aluminium oxide and a dock. The plant has 240 employees and a net production of 180,000 metric tons.
The idea of an smelting plant in Kvinnherad was conceived in 1959, after two seasons of very poor results for the local fishing industry. With the second wave of industrialization sweeping over Norway, it was decided that Husnes, a remote, flat area with good access to shipping lanes and access to the massive electric power needed, would be an ideal site for a smelting plant for aluminium. Following a prolonged period of preparation and paperwork, Sør-Norge Aluminium, or SØRAL for short, was formed in June 29, 1962, with 1.000.000 NOK (10.500.000 NOK in 2014) in invested capital. Construction of the plant itself began the following year, and the first production line, "Hall A", opened for production in November 1965. The secondary production line, "Hall B", opened in March 1966, and in October 1966, the plant was officially opened by Sverre Walter Rostoft, the current Norwegian minister for industry.
During the early years, the plant struggeled with getting enough local manpower, which led to an increase in importing workers from other regions and countries, especially from Finnmark, Troms and Denmark. At the time, the plant had 485 employees and produced 60.000 metric tonnes of aluminium every year.
Production remained stable during the 1970s, 80s and 90s, as the local community gradually expanded around the plant, which was the main source of income for most families in the area. During the next twenty years, Husnes grew from a small farming village to an expanded urban area with shopping centres, schools and sports facilities.
During the early 2000s, due to a gradual fall in aluminium prices, the production rate slowed down, and the company began suffering losses for the first time in forty years. Eventually, the situation led to the closure of Hall B in 2009, followed by severe downsizing, affecting almost half the workers on the plant. In 2014, following two years of speculation in whether the company would manage to recover, the plant was purchased by Norsk Hydro, renaming the plant Hydro Husnes.

</doc>
<doc id="14590433" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14590433" title="Parsoft Interactive">
Parsoft Interactive

Parsoft Interactive, or simply Parsoft, is a former computer game company known for their series of technically advanced combat flight simulators. The name comes from Eric Parker, founder and chief developer. Their first release was "Hellcats Over the Pacific" on the Apple Macintosh in 1991, which they followed in 1992 with "Missions at Leyte Gulf", an expansion pack. In 1995 they released "A-10 Attack!" to critical acclaim on the Mac, following that up with "A-10 Cuba" in 1996. Partnering with Activision, "A-10 Cuba" was also released as a stand-alone game for Microsoft Windows, and this partnership led to the Windows-only 1999 release of "" (SDoE). The pressure of the SDoE release led to the programmers going their separate ways, and by 2002 the company was dissolved.

</doc>
<doc id="14592474" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14592474" title="Dynamotive Energy Systems">
Dynamotive Energy Systems

Dynamotive Energy Systems Corporation is a Canadian based Renewable Energy Company which specializes in fast pyrolysis, a process which creates a product named BioOil. Its only other residue is char.
Dynamotive was incorporated on April 11, 1991 under the laws of the Province of British Columbia. The Company changed its name from Dynamotive Technologies Corporation on June 26, 2001.
2000
BioOil patent acquired from Resource Transforms Ltd. (RTI).
Dynamotive designs and builds 10 tonnes per day (tpd) commercial demonstration plant, (picture of pilot plant)
Dynamotive completes gas turbine tests
2001
Commission of 10 tpd commercial demonstration plant, upgraded to 15 tpd,
TECNA validation of technology
2002
Design and development of a 100 tpd plant
2003
Construction started for 100 tpd plant at Erie Flooring and Wood Products,
West Lorne, Ontario in partnership with UMA Engineering, Ontario Power Generation,
and Magellan Aerospace (Picture of West Lorne Plant)
2005
Completion of the first commercial plant (West Lorne, Ontario) and launch of
full commercialization of Dynamotive’s technology
First commercial shipments of BioOil
2006
Ground breaking for 200 tpd BioOil plant in Guelph, Ontario
Entry into strategic partnership with Consensus Business Group 
Fabrication and procurement of two 200 tpd plants to be located in Canada
R&D offices & laboratory opened on University of Waterloo campus, Ontario, Canada
Continued international expansion through Australian master license
2007
Dynamotive launches higher energy content renewable fuel - BioOil Plus
Dynamotive opens offices in United States and Argentina
2008
The British Columbia Securities Commission issues a cease trade order due to Dynamotive's failure to publish financial statements.
In July 2005 Dynamotive signed an agreement to initiate research on the gasification of BioOil at the University of Western Ontario, Department of Chemical and Biochemical Engineering. The research project involves the development of a process for gasification of BioOil by catalytic steam reforming to produce syngas and/or hydrogen. Syngas can be further converted into synthetic diesel, a renewable, greenhouse gas neutral fuel that can replace hydrocarbon diesel. With the escalating cost of fossil fuels and the dependence on crude oil as the primary source of energy for automobiles, it has become increasingly important to develop synthetic fuels.
In April 2009 Dynamotive successfully produced renewable gasoline and diesel from biomass at its research facility in Waterloo, Ontario through a novel two-stage upgrading process of its pyrolysis oil, BioOil. The BINGO (Biomass INto GasOil) process involves pyrolysis of lignocellulosic biomass to produce a primary liquid fuel, BioOil, which is then hydroreformed to a Stage 1 gas-oil equivalent liquid fuel that can either be directly utilized in blends with hydrocarbon fuels for industrial stationary power and heating applications or be further upgraded to transportation grade liquid hydrocarbon fuels (gasoline/diesel) in a Stage 2 hydrotreating process.
The major by-product from lingo-cellulosic biomass pyrolysis is Biochar which has emerging value for soil productivity enhancement and carbon sequestration. Dynamotive markets its Biochar under the trade name CQuestTM.
On May 12, 2009 Dynamotive released the results of a year-long test applying Dynamotive’s CQuest Biochar in commercial farming test plots. The tests revealed an overall increase in crop yield from 6 percent to 17 percent in plots where biochar was applied versus the control plots.
BioOil is an industrial fuel produced from cellulose waste material. When combusted it produces substantially less smog-precursor nitrogen oxide ('NOx') emissions than conventional oil as well as little or no sulfur oxide gases ('SOx'), which are a prime cause of acid rain. BioOil and BioOil Plus are price-competitive replacements for heating oils #2 and #6 that are widely used in industrial boilers and furnace. They have been EcoLogo certified, having met stringent environmental criteria for industrial fuels as measured by Environment Canada's Environmental Choice Program. BioOil can be produced from a variety of residue cellulosic biomass resources and is not dependent on food-crop production.
In April 2005 Dynamotive completed its first Demonstration scale plant at West Lorne. This plant at the time could create up to 100tpd.
The West Lorne BioOil Cogeneration Project (the first of its kind for pyrolysis technology) is partially funded with a Cdn $5 million contribution from Sustainable Development Technology Canada (SDTC), a foundation created by the Government of Canada to support the development and demonstration of clean technologies. Additional support was leveraged from consortia members.
In 2007 Dynamotive signed a contract with Ontario Power Authority to supply renewable power under the province's Standard Offer Program ('SOP'). Under the terms of the newly signed contract,
Dynamotive would deliver electricity to the grid from its 2.5 MW cogeneration facility at West Lorne. Dynamotive would sell renewable power to the grid at 11 cents per kilowatt hour, or more, for up to 20 years. Fuel for the plant is derived from wood residues from Erie Flooring and Wood Products that are converted to BioOil through Dynamotive's patented fast pyrolysis process. The plant is the first commercial plant of its kind in the world.
By March 2008, The plant had undergone an upgrade process to increase its nominal capacity to 130 tonnes of biomass input per day, a 30% increase in capacity, and to incorporate technological advances that were developed and implemented in Dynamotive's 200 tonne per day capacity plant located in Guelph, Ontario. The plant incorporates a 2.5 megawatt electric cogeneration package developed by Magellan Aerospace.
Dynamotive broke ground on October 7, 2006 for the MegaCity Recycling, 200 tonnes per day BioOil plant on a site in Guelph, Ontario. The plant began producing BioOil in Q1 2007 as it ramped up through its commissioning process. The plant operates under the name Evolution Biofuels Inc. Dynamotive will have a minority ownership position in Evolution Biofuels and will be leasing the pyrolysis unit to the Company. On May 25, 2007 Dynamotive announced that it had completed the initial production run of BioOil in its new generation plant in Guelph, Ontario, Canada. Intermediate grade BioOil, which has higher calorific value than regular BioOil, was produced.

</doc>
<doc id="14595031" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14595031" title="Imagin (studio)">
Imagin (studio)


</doc>
<doc id="14597441" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14597441" title="Turley Publications">
Turley Publications

Turley Publications Inc. is a privately owned commercial printer and publisher of more than a dozen weekly newspapers based in Palmer, Massachusetts, United States.
Patrick and Thomas Turley founded the company in 1962 when they purchased the "Palmer Journal & Monson Register".
In 2004, Turley Publications invested in a digital prepress system; the company also runs its own mail room, including in-plant postal verification, and a bindery.
In addition to printing several other companies' publications—such as the weeklies of Holden Landmark Company and New England Business Media LLC, and student papers at several New England colleges and universities—Turley is the dominant publisher of 15 community weekly newspapers in the suburbs and rural towns between Springfield and Worcester, Massachusetts. Turley weeklies reach about 130,000 homes in 60 towns. Turley-owned newspapers include:
The company also prints a shopper in the Palmer area, the "Shopping Guide", and a monthly newspaper, the "New England Antiques Journal", which has a national circulation, though mainly in New England

</doc>
<doc id="14597503" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14597503" title="Labour India">
Labour India

Labour India Publications Limited is an educational publisher based in Marangattupally, Kerala, India. It publishes educational monthly journals in three languages, for students of pre-primary level to Plus Two level and entrance exams.
It plans to formulate an educational curriculum of international standard and publishes textbooks and educational journals, etc. It is an certified company.
Labour India was founded by V. J George Kulangara in 1983 and was listed as a public limited company in 1996. The educational research centre was renovated in 2004 and it was inaugurated by K R Narayanan, former president of India. Santhosh George Kulangara is the present managing director of the group
Labour India's publications are sold to CBSE and Kerala syllabus students; they are currently available to Malayalam, English Medium, and Tamil medium students. The company also publishes educational VCD’s, syllabus based Multimedia CD’s and DVD’s, General Knowledge books and CD’s including Quiz India series, English and Hindi grammar guides, etc.
Labour India has other establishments involved in the fields of educational research, boarding schools, E-learning, tourism, charity and hospitality. Labour India Gurukulam Public School, International Gurukulam Schools, Bluefield International Academy in the US and College of Teacher Education are its establishments. The visual travelogue "Sancharam" is edited at Labour India's Multimedia studio. Labour India knowledge village, having facilities for training and learning educational support activities, was inaugurated by Rakesh Sharma, the first cosmonaut from India on 9 September 2008.
The Labour India group of companies are registered under Labour India Educational Society, Marangattupilly in Kottayam District, Kerala.

</doc>
<doc id="14597872" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14597872" title="Leeann Chin">
Leeann Chin

Leeann Chin is a Bloomington, Minnesota-based Asian quick service restaurant chain, with about 50 locations, mostly in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul area. The chain was founded by its namesake, Leeann Chin, funded by Carl Pohlad (banker and former owner of the Minnesota Twins) and actor Sean Connery. The concept received Best Chinese Food and Best Takeout Food as well as being voted No. 80 in a list of the country’s top 100 by fast casual restaurant industry website FastCasual.com in 2011. It is currently owned by Los Angeles-based financier, West Coast Capital principal and former investment banker Lorne Goldberg, who also owns the popular Asian chains Pick Up Stix and Mandarin Express.
The chain offers chicken entrees, in addition to beef and shrimp options, prepared in Mongolian, Hunan, and Szechuan styles from mild to spicy. The restaurant recently added low calorie options and has its own proprietary frozen yogurt named Red Cherry.
The concept was founded by Leeann Chin, a Chinese immigrant who moved to Minnesota in 1957. She opened her first location in Minnetonka, Minnesota in 1980 and another in St. Paul in 1984. General Mills bought the name to her restaurants and the restaurants in 1984 with plans to expand the chain nationally. However, locations opened in Chicago faltered and General Mills put an end to the opening new restaurants. The restaurants and name were bought back from General Mills by Leeann Chin Inc. in 1988, by Chin with the help of Capital Dimensions Venture Fund.
Lorne Goldberg bought the chain in 2007. Goldberg invested about $8 million in the chain and quickly revitalized the decor of the restaurants and improved its menu, introducing new items that were initially developed for Mandarin Express’ restaurants. The new items and location remodels quickly accounted for an increase of about 20 percent of sales. Goldberg also moved away from operating takeout counters within Lunds and Byerly’s grocery stores.
In 2011, Leeann Chin Inc. began to expand outside of its base in Minnesota’s Twin Cities with opening of its Fargo, North Dakota restaurant and later opened a location in Duluth, Minnesota. In 2013, the chain launched its AsiaFit menu, a selection of low calorie (400 calories) stir-fry dishes, following a trend among casual-dining restaurants for lighter, healthier meals.
Goldberg told the press that he is interested in being an owner and building the Leeann Chin brand over many years to come.

</doc>
<doc id="14598463" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14598463" title="Muir Homes">
Muir Homes

Muir Homes, based in Inverkeithing, Fife, is one of the largest privately owned housebuilding companies of Scotland.
It is part of the J. W. Muir Group, one of the country's leading property development companies, which specialises in timber-framed construction of houses and apartments.
A former joiner, John Muir, set up Muir Homes in 1973 after leaving his position as Managing Director of Scothomes, part of Scottish Homes.
Muir Group's other business interests includes a golf course, commercial property and a timber company.

</doc>
<doc id="14599883" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14599883" title="Bauer Media Group">
Bauer Media Group

Bauer Media Group is a European-based media company, headquartered in Hamburg, Germany that manages a portfolio of more than 600 magazines, over 400 digital products and 50 radio and TV stations around the world. The portfolio includes print shops, postal, distribution and marketing services. Bauer Media Group has a workforce of approximately 11,000 employees in 17 countries.
Bauer Verlagsgruppe has been managed by five generations of the Bauer family. Originally a small printing house in Germany, Bauer Media Group entered the UK with the launch of Bella magazine in 1987. Under the name of H Bauer Publishing they became Britain's third largest publisher. Bauer further expanded in the UK with the purchase of Emap Consumer Media and Emap Radio in 2008.
The group acquired Australian magazine publisher, ACP Magazines from a London-based private equity firm, CVC Capital Partners, in 2012. That increased the company’s turnover to more than €2 billion.
In November 2010, Heinz Heinrich's daughter Yvonne Bauer became CEO and 85% owner of the Bauer Media Group after joining the family business in 2005.
In the UK there are two divisions of the Bauer Media Group. The original UK business trades as H Bauer Publishing under CEO David Goodchild. Its sister company is known as Bauer Media (Bauer Consumer Media Ltd) with CEO Paul Keenan. David Goodchild is also CEO of Bauer's Australasian businesses.
Titles include women's weekly and TV listings magazines; namely Bella, Take a Break, that's life! TVChoice and Total TVGuide. This is as well as a number of puzzle magazines.
In 1987 "Bella" was H Bauer's first venture into publishing in the UK. In 1990, H Bauer launched a weekly women's magazine named "Take a Break". H Bauer also has a sister title, "that's life!" that launched in 1995. The H Bauer Publishing brands also include puzzle magazines that carry the "Take a Break" name.
1991 saw H Bauer's first TV listings publishing with the launch of "TVQuick" magazine. (Prior to the de-regulation of TV listings in March 1991, BBC listings had been restricted by law to "Radio Times" and ITV/Channel 4 listings to "TVTimes".) "TVQuick" ceased publication in July 2010. In 1999 H Bauer launched "TVChoice" at a much lower price point than other titles on the market. "TVChoice" overtook its main competitor in the February 2008 audited ABCs and has been the number one weekly newsstand magazine in the UK since. In September 2003, H Bauer launched "Total TVGuide" to cover the increasing number of programmes available on Freeview and satellite or cable services.
Bauer Media is a multi-platform media group, with locations across the UK. Following their purchase of Emap in 2007, The Bauer Media Group acquired a collection of media brands. This includes heat and Grazia as well as a radio portfolio of national radio brands such as KISS FM UK and Magic, and regional radio brands across major UK cities. In 2013, Bauer Media also acquired the Absolute Radio Group from Times of India.
Bauer Media also broadcasts TV music channels including The Box TV, in a joint venture with Channel 4. In the UK Bauer Media is the sister company of H Bauer Publishing, who publish titles including Take a Break .
Q started out as a music magazine published monthly in the United Kingdom. Originally it was to be called Cue (named after the act of cueing a record to play). However the name was changed so that it wouldn't be mistaken for a snooker magazine. The "Q" music brand has expanded to Radio and Television, with Q Radio and Q TV being music entertainment that specialises in indie, rock and alternative. "Q" also holds annual music awards in the UK, known as Q Awards. In spring 2010, Bauer caused controversy with its attempt to unilaterally impose a new contract on all photographers and writers, which takes away their copyright and off-loads liability for libel or copyright infringement from the publisher onto the contributor. 200 photographers and writers from Q and Bauer's other music magazines, Kerrang! and MOJO were reported as refusing to work under the new terms.
Kerrang! is a brand that specialises in rock music. It originally began as a magazine and in 2004 Kerrang Radio was launched. A Kerrang TV channel also exists. As of 2005 all of Kerrang TV's programme content is music videos the majority of which is open scheduled for text requests from their playlist.
The Debrief is an online magazine aimed at ABC1 women in their 20s launched in 2014 in competition with Mail Online and "Stylist".
"Empire" is a monthly film magazine, originally launched in the UK in 1989, but now is also published in the US, Australia, Turkey, Russia and Portugal. It organises the annual Empire Awards, currently sponsored by Jameson. The awards are voted for by the readers of Empire.
"Closer" was launched by Bauer Media in 2002. It specialises mainly in celebrity news and gossip, real-life stories and television/entertainment.
The UK edition of "Grazia" was launched in 2005 as the first glossy woman’s weekly magazine in the country. 
Launched in 1999, "heat" is a British celebrity weekly. Its main focus is celebrity interviews, gossip, fashion advice and entertainment.
"Yours" is a fortnightly lifestyle magazine and website targeting women aged 50 and over, launched in 1974. It covers issues including health, relevant news, fashion and beauty.
"Motor Cycle News" (MCN) launched as a newspaper in 1955. The brand now has an online presenceand is a digital business with sub-brands including MCN compare, a motorcycle insurance comparison service and "MCN" classified Bikes for Sale. "MCN" covers news on all major motorcycle sporting events as well as bike and equipment tests.
"Parker's Car Guide" is a monthly magazine and, more recently, a website listing prices for new and used cars in the UK. It was founded in 1972 and is the longest-running print price guide in the UK. The website was launched in 1999 and it provides news, advice information as well as cars for sale and additional services such as insurance, to car buyers.
"AM (Automotive Management)", together with its online counterpart has been a source of news, insight and analysis for the UK automotive industry since 1990.
Pregnancy & Birth was a British magazine aimed at pregnant women. The magazine was part of the Bauer Media Group. It gave out information about pregnancy, products for pregnant women, and it shares other women's stories of childbirth experiences. Between January and June 2011, "Pregnancy & Birth" had a circulation of 26,775 copies.
Bauer Media Group has a 50% stake in the British television company The Box Plus Network, the other half owned by Channel 4. The Box Plus Network acts as the content subsidiary that produces several popular music television channels, which include:
Bauer Media Group entered the US market in 1981 with the launch of "Woman's World" magazine. Today, Bauer Media Group USA has a portfolio of 13 magazines, 5 special interest publications and 16 websites across several distinct consumer segments: celebrity/entertainment, women’s, teen and science/technology.
In 1989, the company introduced its second publication, "First for Women", a women's magazine. Alliance for Audited Media reports that "Woman's World" and "First for Women" are the #1 and #2 selling magazines at retail, respectively.
The company's popular teen brands include "Twist", launched in 1997; "J-14", launched in 1999; "M", launched in 2000; "Girls' World"; launched in 2013, and "Animal Tales", launched in 2014. "J-14" ranks in the top five media brands for social media presence among all publishers according to Shareablee, a social media research company.
"In Touch Weekly," a celebrity/entertainment weekly magazine, was introduced in the U.S. in November 2002. It was the first launch of a new celebrity magazine in the U.S. in more than a decade and ranks in the top 10 magazines sold at retail in the country, according to the Alliance for Audited Media.
The company debuted "Life & Style Weekly", the first celebrity and fashion weekly, in 2004. Adding its third celebrity weekly in October 2013, Bauer Media U.S. introduced "Closer Weekly", geared towards women 40+. All three entertainment titles were awarded with Media Industry Newsletter's "Hottest Launch of the Year" award in their respective launch years. "Closer Weekly" tied for the title with "Dr. Oz The Good Life" in the 2014 ceremony.
Bauer Media US launched Bauer Xcel Media, a digital division, in August 2014.
The company is headquartered in Englewood Cliffs, NJ with satellite offices in New York City and Los Angeles.
"Woman’s World", "First for Women", "CBS/ABC Soaps in Depth", "Celebrate! With Woman’s World", "In Touch Weekly", "Life & Style Weekly", "Closer Weekly", "J-14", "Yikes", "Astrogirl", "Quizfest", "Girls’ World", "LifeStory", "Animal Tales", "ID"

</doc>
<doc id="14602213" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14602213" title="DuProprio">
DuProprio

DuProprio is a Canadian real estate service.
DuProprio and its Anglophone siblings, ComFree and ComFree Commonsense Network brokerage, make up Canada's largest commission-free real estate network. Its website, duproprio.com, lists over 17,000 properties for sale and gets 5 million visitors every month.
Nicolas Bouchard founded the company in 1997, in Quebec. The company, which was originally called directduproprio, became DuProprio.com in 2004, and finally became DuProprio in 2011.
In 2009, it acquired Private Real Estate, SKhomes4sale and ComFree; other Canadian companies specialized in commission-free real estate sales. After the acquisition, DuProprio's brand image was revamped.
By 2011, the company said that 100,000 properties had sold through the DuProprio network.
In 2015, the company was purchased by Yellow Pages Group for $50 million.
In 2016, the Quebec Superior Court certified a class action lawsuit by the Quebec Federation of Real Estate Boards against DuProprio alleging that its advertisements had unfairly denigrated real estate agents.

</doc>
<doc id="14602421" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14602421" title="VI Technology">
VI Technology

VI Technology was a privately owned company based in Austin, Texas that provided enterprise test solutions and services. These solutions ranged from benchtop test systems to enterprise-wide test solutions. VI Technology's main product, Arendar, was used by engineering teams in design, characterization, validation, and manufacturing. Working together with key partners, Microsoft and National Instruments, VI Technology had worked with companies from the semiconductor, communications, high-tech electronics, defense, biomedical, and automotive industries. VI Technology original corporate headquarters was located in Austin, TX, with branch locations in Dallas, TX and Mountain View, CA.
VI Technology was bought by Aeroflex in 2009.
VI Technology was founded in Austin, Texas in 1991 by an electrical engineer and a computer scientist from the University of Texas. Founded to develop software instrument drivers for measurement instruments, the company expanded to develop automated test systems and enterprise test data management solutions for industry.
Enterprise test is a concept that combines automated test systems and information technology to solve company-wide test problems. This concept extends the main goal of traditional test instrumentation and software which solve the problems related to individual test stations.
The idea of enterprise test encompasses multiple aspects such as enterprise test software, enterprise software platforms, engineering and business intelligence consulting services, data management, collaboration, workflow, reporting capabilities, and asset management all focused on solving the enterprise-wide testing needs.
Arendar is Enterprise test software which enables users to make reports and share test data throughout the organization through drag-and-drop report creation and Web-based accessibility. The enterprise test solution consists of a server module built on Microsoft SQL Server database with extensions for SQL Server Reporting Services and interfaces to standard automated test software including National Instruments LabVIEW, TestStand, LabWindows/CVI, and Microsoft Visual Studio .NET. Arendar uses a Web dashboard that enables users to display test results over the Web in advanced reports which automatically update with the latest data acquired from all test systems. Authorized users can access test results from anywhere on the network using a Microsoft Internet Explorer or Mozilla Firefox Web browser. Arendar was a Test and Measurement World Award Winner for Best in Test in 2004 and an Honorable Mention for Best in Test in 2006.

</doc>
<doc id="14602495" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14602495" title="Magenta Software">
Magenta Software

Magenta Software is a video game developer based in Liverpool, England.
It was founded in 1994. In recent years it has specialised in the production of Buzz Controller based party games. These games have proven successful winning several awards and going on from their initial European release territories to be released in North America.
In October 2007, Magenta Software won the Children’s Jury Giga Maus award for '. In November 2007, Magenta Software won a British Academy Children’s BAFTA for '.

</doc>
<doc id="14603108" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14603108" title="Holtzapffel">
Holtzapffel

The Holtzapffel dynasty of tool and lathe makers was founded in Long Acre, London by a Strasbourg-born turner, Jean-Jacques Holtzapffel, in 1794. The firm specialized in lathes for ornamental turning but also made a name for its high-quality edge and boring tools.
Coming to London from Alsace in 1792, Jean-Jacques worked initially in the workshop of the scientific-instrument maker Jesse Ramsden, anglicizing his name to John Jacob Holtzapffel. In 1794 he set up a tool-making partnership in Long Acre with Francis Rousset, trading under the name of John Holtzapffel. From 1804 he was in partnership with the Mannheim-born Johann Georg Deyerlein until the latter's death in 1826, trading under the name Holtzapffel & Deyerlein.
Holtzapffel sold his first lathe in June 1795, for £25-4s-10d, an enormous price at the time. All of Holtzapffel's lathes were numbered and by the time he died in 1835, about 1,600 had been sold. The business was located at 64 Charing Cross, London from 1819 until 1901 when the site was required "for building purposes". The firm then moved to New Bond Street, and was in premises in the Haymarket from 1907 to 1930.
The firm's marks come in a wide array of styles. Among the most noteworthy are the marks at the time of John Jacob Holtzapffel's partnership with Johann Georg Deyerlein, the marks showing the Charing Cross address and those showing the address in the Haymarket.
John's son, Charles Holtzapffel (1806–1847) joined the firm in 1827, at around which time the firm became known as Holtzapffel & Co. Charles continued to run the business after his father's death. He set about writing a treatise entitled "Turning and Mechanical Manipulation", eventually running to some 2,750 pages, and which came to be regarded as the bible of ornamental turning. The first volume was published in 1843, but the final two volumes were completed and published after his death by his son, John Jacob Holtzapffel (1836–1897).
When Charles Holtzapffel died in 1847 his wife Amelia ran the business until 1853. John Jacob II, the son of Charles and Amelia, was head of the firm from 1867 until 1896. A nephew of John Jacob II, George William Budd (1857–1924) became head of the firm in 1896. His son John George Holtzapffel Budd (1888–1968) later ran the business. By the early twentieth century, ornamental turning was going out of fashion, and the firm sold its last lathe in 1928.

</doc>
<doc id="14604035" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14604035" title="ProAssurance">
ProAssurance

ProAssurance Corporation, headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama, is a property and casualty company that sells professional liability insurance to doctors. The company was founded in 1976 as Mutual Assurance and was later renamed to Medical Assurance in 1997. The name "ProAssurance" was created in 2001 when Medical Assurance merged with Professionals Group. The company is currently the fourth largest medical professional liability insurance writer and has over $5 billion in assets.
On November 7, 2005, the company sold its personal lines insurance operations, known as MEEMIC Insurance Company, to Ally Financial (GMAC) for $400 million. Of the $400 million, $327 million was to be paid in cash, an $73 million was to be in capital that was held in MEEMIC. The sale was completed on January 4, 2006.
The company operates five principal subsidiaries: ProAssurance Indemnity Company (formerly The Medical Assurance Company), ProAssurance Casualty Company (formerly ProNational Insurance Company), ProAssurance Wisconsin Insurance Company (formerly PIC Wisconsin), ProAssurance Specialty Insurance Company (formerly Red Mountain Casualty Insurance Company), and ProAssurance National Capital Insurance Company (formerly NCRIC, Inc.).
On April 1, 2009, the Podiatry Insurance Company of America (PICA) joined the ProAssurance organization. PICA is domiciled in Illinois and its offices are in Brentwood, Tennessee.

</doc>
<doc id="14604510" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14604510" title="Maurel &amp; Prom">
Maurel &amp; Prom

The Maurel and Prom Company (French "Etablissements Maurel et Prom S.A.", "MAUREL ET PROM", "Maurel & Prom") is a French public company based in Paris. It is France's second-biggest oil company. Its name dates back to 1813. It is now an oil explorer with operations in Latin America and Africa.
Historically, Maurel & Prom was based in Bordeaux and was one of France's largest family-run shipping and foreign trade houses. It had trading interests throughout the French colonial empire, which included trading houses in Saint-Louis, Senegal, and modern Guinea, Gambia, Mali and Ivory Coast. The company changed its focus to agribusiness in 1986. It pivoted to oil exploration and production in 1998.
Maurel & Prom is now a holding company with fewer than 400 employees. It is involved in international exploration and production of hydrocarbons, including the drilling of offshore oil and natural gas in Africa and the Caribbean. The company has drilling contracts in the Democratic Republic of Congo, Gabon, Tanzania, Peru and Colombia. The company holds a 45% stake in Seplat, a Nigerian oil company, that was formed in 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="14605029" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14605029" title="Shiekh Shoes">
Shiekh Shoes

Shiekh Shoes is a West Coast footwear and apparel retailer with its headquarters in Ontario, California that operates nearly 140 stores located in California, Nevada, Washington, Arizona, Oregon, New Mexico, Texas, Illinois, Michigan and Tennessee. Its product selection is aimed at young adults, featuring athletic footwear and apparel from brands like Nike, Jordan, Adidas, Reebok, K-Swiss, Sketchers, Lacoste, Converse, and Steve Madden for men, women and children including many exclusive products not sold by other retailers. Shiekh Shoes also manufactures and sells its own brand of footwear, which is only available through its stores and website.
Shiekh Shoes retail stores are primarily located in shopping malls. Stores feature an upscale blue, white and silver design scheme and a high-end sound system that appeals to its target 18- to 35-year-old consumer.
Shiekh Ellahi began his career in footwear at the age of 17 when he was hired by a shoe store in a local mall. Within a few months, Shiekh was promoted to Assistant Manager and shortly after, Store Manager. After ascending the corporate ladder and relocating to New York City, he decided to launch his own footwear venture and moved back to the San Francisco Bay Area. After the success of his first store, he began opening additional stores in Northern California. The company has since expanded and now operates 146 stores throughout the West Coast and Southwest regions.

</doc>
<doc id="14605418" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14605418" title="ECO Canada">
ECO Canada

ECO Canada (Environmental Careers Organization of Canada) is an online resource for environmental jobs, certification and training established in 1992 as part of Canada's sector council initiative. Sector councils are organizations that address human resource challenges facing the Canadian economy. With the support of private sector investors and the Government of Canada’s Department of Human Resources and Social Development, ECO Canada works to determine the skills and human resource needs of Canada’s environment industry.
ECO Canada develops programs that help individuals build environmental careers, provides employers with resources to hire and retain environmental professionals, and informs educators and governments of environmental employment trends.
ECO Canada offers environmental career resources for professionals and employers, including: 
ECO Canada is one of about 30 sector councils whose objectives are to:
ECO Canada provides resources to meet the needs of the industry, including an online environmental job board, certification for environmental practitioners, a wage-subsidy internship program, environment industry specific labour market reports, and the Environmental Employer of the Year Awards. ECO Canada also conducts research studies on human resources issues within the Canadian environmental industry. The organization publishes reports that covers topics such as HR best practices, industry compensation and labour market trends.
ECO Canada is a member of the national sector council program. Although as diverse as the various industries, all sector councils touch upon technological advancements, human resource planning, training opportunities and industry forecasting.
In 2006, ECO Canada and Royal Roads University partnered to create the Canadian Centre for Environmental Education (CCEE). The CCEE offers an environmental certificate program that takes online environmental university and college courses and combines them into one certificate. There are more than 20 universities and colleges participating by offering their courses. Some of these include: Cape Breton University, University of Toronto, Red River College, Sault College, University of Victoria, Ryerson University, Royal Military College, BCIT, and Saskatchewan Polytechnic (formerly SIAST).
In May 2009, ECO Canada made available its 2009 Compensation Report. This document is Canada’s first detailed study of compensation related to key occupations in the environmental sector.
In October 2009, ECO Canada released its 2009 HR Best Practices Report discussing innovative HR practices from Canadian environmental companies.
On October 1, 2009, ECO Canada announced its new national certification program for greenhouse gas (GHG) professionals. The certification will be administered by ECO Canada's certification body, the Canadian Environmental Certification Approvals Board (CECAB).

</doc>
<doc id="14605607" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14605607" title="USB Corporation">
USB Corporation

USB Corporation offers life science products for use in basic research, drug discovery and molecular diagnostics. The company history reaches back to the 1980s, as United States Biochemical, known for Sequenase DNA Polymerase, a genetically modified enzyme used to develop the first easy-to-use DNA sequencing products. Today, USB focuses on molecular biology and biochemical products for DNA amplification (PCR), purification, cloning, protein studies and RNA analysis.
USB was acquired by Affymetrix at the start of 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="14605875" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14605875" title="Scott Sports">
Scott Sports

The Swiss company Scott Sports SA (formerly Scott USA) is a producer of bicycles, winter equipment, motorsports gear and sportswear.
In 1958, engineer and skier Ed Scott from Sun Valley, Idaho, invented a ski pole made of aluminium, which compared favorably with those made of bamboo or steel. On the basis of this success, the company started to produce many kinds of sports goods. In 1970, Scott sold their first protection goggles for motocross riders; further motocross wear followed.
Scott expanded to Europe in 1978, settling their headquarters in Fribourg, Switzerland.
In 1989, Scott introduced one of the most significant innovations in the history of cycling to mass market – the clip-on aerodynamic handlebar. The handlebar was strategically utilized by American Greg LeMond in his 1989 Tour de France win, when he beat Frenchman Laurent Fignon by nearly a minute in the 24.5 km final time trial. Previous to this event it was widely used in triathlon and Race Across America. 
In 1991, Scott produced their first suspension fork named "Unishock" and a year later, their first full-suspension mountain bicycle was shown to the public.
In 2001 they launched the CR1, a road bike frame, at 895 grams it was the lightest frame available at the time.
Meanwhile, the racing bicycle sector continue to expand and in 2002, stage 10 of the Tour de France was won by Patrice Halgand riding for the Jean Delatour team, which was at that time supported by Scott. Today, Scott supplies and with equipment.
In 2014, Scott Sports partnered with the US Military Endurance Sports organization to be a sponsor and provide Scott equipment to the US Domestic Elite Road Team and Elite Triathlon Team.
The name 'Scott USA' was changed to 'Scott Sports', representing a shift in emphasis to the European market.

</doc>
<doc id="14606683" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14606683" title="No-IP">
No-IP

Vitalwerks LLC is the parent company of No-IP which is a dynamic DNS provider for paid and free services. No-IP offers DNS services, email, network monitoring and SSL certificates. Email services include POP3 email, outbound SMTP email, backup mail services and mail reflection and filtering.
No-IP was launched in October 2000 offering free dynamic DNS and URL redirection. Users were able to create a sub-domain under a few domains owned by No-IP. In May 2000, Vitalwerks Internet Solutions, LLC was formed as the parent company of No-IP. In January 2001 No-IP began offering paid managed DNS services which allowed users to set up dynamic DNS using their own domain name. Later that year they began offering email services to complement their DNS product. With growing popularity, No-IP has been featured in magazines such as PC magazine and Mac User. They began reselling domain names in 2002 and in 2006 became an ICANN accredited registrar.
On May 2016 No-Ip announced the discontinuation of its without confirmation free hostname services effective June 1
No-IP's core product is dynamic DNS services ("DDNS"). The basic dynamic DNS services using a domain owned by No-IP are free to use as long as the account remains active. An upgraded service to use your own domain name will cost about $25 for the year. Dynamic IP addresses are common on residential cable or DSL broadband accounts. The free service allows users to setup between one and three hostnames on a domain name provided by No-IP. The host name will then resolve to the current IP address of that user's computer. A software client is also provided by No-IP for Windows, OS X, and Linux that can be run on the computer that has the dynamic address. No-IP also provides other DNS, e-mail, and Network Monitoring services.
A dynamic DNS host name is linked up to the user's dynamic IP address. Whenever the IP changes a dynamic DNS client will send an update to No-IP with the current IP address and then No-IP propagates the DNS change to the Internet within seconds.
To facilitate IP address updates, No-IP has an open protocol that allows software developers and hardware manufacturers to communicate via HTTP to notify them of an IP address change.
Many router manufacturers provide built in support for No-IP's dynamic DNS protocol, for example Asus, D-Link, Dovado, Edimax, SonicWall, SMC, and TP-Link.
Most third-party firmware distributions such as DD-WRT also include No-IP in their selection of DDNS providers for routers that have support from the manufacturer.
On 19 June 2014, Microsoft launched a legal action against No-IP, requesting that Microsoft be given control of 22 of No-IP's domain names. This was granted on 26 June 2014, and Microsoft began redirecting domain traffic to their sinkhole. According to No-IP this affected malicious and non malicious users alike, despite Microsoft's statement of intent to the contrary. Legitimate users of the service (including paid premium plans) are also diverted to the Microsoft sinkhole. Backlash to the confiscation however led to Microsoft returning the domains to No-IP.

</doc>
<doc id="14607392" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14607392" title="Hilhouse">
Hilhouse

Hilhouse (also spelled "Hillhouse") was a shipbuilder in Bristol, England who built merchantman and men-of-war during the 18th and 19th centuries. The company subsequently became Charles Hill & Sons in 1845.
The company, and its successor Charles Hill & Sons, were the most important shipbuilders in Bristol, and taking the concern together built over 560 ships over their 200 years of existence.
The shipbuilding concern Hilhouse and Company was first established in 1772 by James Martin Hilhouse, after inheriting a fortune from his father, James Hilhouse, a Bristol Sheriff and councillor who also ran a successful privateering venture. The company acquired the large Hotwells drydock, built by the engineer William Champion in 1765 on the north side of the River Avon, to build merchantman and undertake ship repair work. From 1778, Hilhouse secured Admiralty contracts for warships following the outbreak of the American Revolutionary War, including for the fourth rate "Trusty".
On 28 September 1785, Hilhouse launched the 1,406 tonne 64-gun "Ardent"-class ship of the line "Nassau", which was the largest ship yet built in Bristol. By 1786 they had built twelve warships of 3rd to 6th rates before orders became dominated by merchantmen.
Major ships built by Hilhouse and Company:
In 1803 the company became Hilhouse & Sons and Company and expansion continued. By 1810, Charles Hill had joined the firm, and Hilhouse had acquired two further dockyards in city, Wapping dockyard, near Prince Street in 1813, and Limekiln Dock, on Gasferry Lane on the north side of the river in 1820. In 1814 the company built the first steamboat in Bristol, the "Charlotte and Hope". In 1820 the company developed New Dockyard opposite the original site at Hotwells, what was to become the Albion Yard, and built two wet docks, a dry dock and building berths. This lead within 4 years to the closure of both the Wapping and Hotwells Dockyards. The West Indiaman "Weare" of 446t was the first launch from the Albion Yard in 1820.
During the 1830s and 1840s William Patterson launched the ground breaking SS Great Western and SS Great Britain steamships in the adjacent Bristol dockyard, and the company subsequently lost out on important subsequent orders.
Major ships built by Hilhouse & Sons and Company:
In 1824 the company became George Hilhouse & Company, and the following year a young shipwright by the name of Charles Hill became a partner, eventually leading in 1840 to the name of the business becoming Hilhouse, Hill & Company. Charles Hill subsequently took over running more and more of the business, and in 1845 he took sole control of the business and the firm became Charles Hill & Sons.
The Hilhouse built Albion Yard has continued in use up until this day, currently as Abels Shipbuilders.
Hillhouse, Helen T. & Laurens Petigru (1959) "Hillhouse".

</doc>
<doc id="14609640" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14609640" title="Enesco">
Enesco

Enesco (Enesco, LLC) is an American company specializing in the sales and distribution of giftware. The company was known as an industry leader during the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, as it carried the Precious Moments porcelain figurine line of products.
In 1958, Enesco was the import division for the N. Shure Company. Enesco was founded by its first President, Louis R. "Bob" Miller, Jr. When N. Shure was sold to Butler Brothers, the import division was spun off. The name "Enesco" was an acronym from the N. Shure company, "N S Co", and phonetically named his company "EnEsCo". Thereafter, the company was sold three times, and in 1983 became a part of Stanhome, Inc. After separating from Stanhome in 1998, Stanhome immediately collapsed—leaving Enesco with all of Stanhome's assets.
Enesco is known in its industry for its 25 years of success with the Precious Moments porcelain figurine line of products. Freedman worked with original artist, Sam Butcher, to bring his designs to market. Enesco sales soared throughout the '70s, '80s, and '90s until its peak in 1997. But by 2004, Enesco, Corp. posted an operating loss of $15.7 million US dollars. The sales of Precious Moments items plunged from a high of $206 million in 1996 to $55.7 million in 2004, a drop of $27.5 million from 2003. According to Enesco's 2004-2005 annual report, "Precious Moments revenues represented 22% of consolidated net revenues in 2004 compared to 33% in 2003." In 2005 Enesco ended its business partnership and license arrangement with Precious Moments, Inc.
Gene Freedman left Enesco in March 2005, but has been named "Precious Moments Ambassador" by Precious Moments, Inc. There was an extravagant retirement dinner scheduled for him, but it quickly became an employment celebration after PMI's announcement.
In 2006, a year after the departure of Precious Moments, Enesco's fourth president, Cynthia Passmore-McLaughlin (formerly of Revlon) resigned. Enesco's stock price fell below and was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange. After a few months of over-the-counter trading, Enesco withdrew its public offering altogether. On January 12, 2007, Enesco filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
In February 2007, Enesco Group, Inc. was purchased by Tinicum Capital Partners Thus, becoming Enesco, LLC.
Balmoral Funds, a Los Angeles, California, private equity fund acquired Enesco, LLC in 2015.

</doc>
<doc id="14610396" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14610396" title="MOSH Mobile">
MOSH Mobile

MOSH mobile was an MVNO that was an invite only service created in Indiana, United States. The service ran on a GSM network with service provided by Centennial Wireless. MOSH mobile offered customers free mobile service on the basis that they agreed to receive mobile phone content advertising and interact with the company through advertising campaigns. MOSH mobile never provided international calling. The carrier was targeted at the youth category (18–24 years old) in a bid to replace the former Amp'd Mobile as the younger set's mobile provider of choice. 
As of November 20, 2012, The MOSH Mobile website redirects to the official AT&T website.

</doc>
<doc id="14612289" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14612289" title="Gravity Interactive">
Gravity Interactive

Founded in March 2003, Gravity Interactive LLC was created to host games for North America developed by GRAVITY Co., Ltd.. It is based in Buena Park near Orange County, California. Gravity was initially provided with several servers from Gravity Co., and began beta testing of the International Ragnarok Online (iRO) service in 2003. Commercial service subsequently began on June 1, 2003. In 2005, Gravity also began hosting the North American version of ROSE Online (naROSE). On January 1, 2006, Gravity Interactive LLC became Gravity Interactive, Inc. In February 2008, Gravity began beta testing its third MMORPG, . Around mid to late 2012 Gravity began beta testing its fourth MMORPG, Maestia: Rise Of Keledus. In April 2013, Gravity began beta testing the second title in the Ragnarok Online series. was launched in May 2013 and also available on Steam.
Games which Gravity Interactive currently offers include:
Games which Gravity Interactive previously offered include:
Games which Gravity Interactive currently offers include:
In 2007, Gravity founded a new game developer, L5 Games. Its employees consisted of those formerly employed by Blizzard Entertainment. This subsidiary of Gravity Interactive, rather than GRAVITY Co., Ltd., was formed to develop games for the North American market. L5 Games went into liquidation in August 2008.

</doc>
<doc id="14612402" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14612402" title="Macquarie Group">
Macquarie Group

Macquarie Group Limited is a global investment banking and diversified financial services group, providing banking, financial advisory and investment and funds management services to institutional, corporate and retail clients and counterparties around the world. Headquartered in Sydney, Macquarie is the largest Australian investment bank and the top ranked mergers and acquisitions advisor in Australia.
The company's high margins, profits and the lucrative rewards for its executives and shareholders saw the Australian media label the bank "The Millionaire Factory" due to their notably strong performances. As of May 6, 2016, the group's chief executive Nicholas Moore became the nation's highest paid CEO of a listed company as they announced a net profit after tax for the year at A$2.06 billion.
Macquarie is listed in Australia (ASX:MQG) and is regulated by APRA, the Australian banking regulator, as the owner of Macquarie Bank Limited, an authorised deposit taker.
Macquarie was founded on 10 December 1969 as Hill Samuel Australia Limited, a subsidiary of the UK's Hill Samuel & Co. Limited.
Hill Samuel & Co. initially sought the advice of Sir John Marks, of Development Finance Corporation (DFC), regarding the establishment of an Australian subsidiary, however he suggested that Stan Owens instead be the one to compile a proposal for consideration. After presenting his report in London, Mr Owens was offered the role of implementing it by Hill Samuel's Chairman, Kenneth Keith, Baron Keith of Castleacre. Mr Owens became Executive Chairman of Hill Samuel Australia (HSA) and founded the company in Gold Fields House in Sydney's Circular Quay. The company's first three employees were Stan Owens, Blair Hesketh and Geoff Hobson Later Chris Castleman(on loan from the British parent) and Bill Clarke joined. David Clarke and Mark Johnson (both formerly of Darling & Co) were introduced to HSA and became joint Managing Directors. Despite being given a four-year allowance by the British parent to turn a profit, HSA was profitable by the end of its first twelve months of trading.
In 1971 HSA secured Australia’s biggest mandate at the time, a $US60 million financing for corrugated iron manufacturer John Lysaght Australia. HSA expanded its presence in the Australian market, opening a Melbourne office in 1972, and a Brisbane office in 1975. In 1979, HSA gained floor member status at the Sydney Futures Exchange.
In 1980 HSA began its expansion into funds management by establishing Australia’s first cash management account. In 1981, in response to changes evolving from the deregulation of financial markets, HSA commenced work on a proposal to become a trading bank. Authority for HSA to become Macquarie Bank Limited (MBL) was received from the Federal Treasurer on 28 February 1985, making it only the second private trading bank to be established in Australia in modern times. In the same year, Macquarie established its philanthropic arm, the Macquarie Group Foundation. In 1987, Macquarie established what has become one of Australia’s largest corporate art collections, the Macquarie Group Collection.
Macquarie continued its overseas expansion during the early 1990s, opening offices in London, Munich, New York, Hong Kong, Singapore and Beijing. In 1994 Macquarie began its infrastructure investment business with the underwriting and placement of publicly listed equity for the Hills Motorway in Sydney. On 29 July 1996, Macquarie Bank Limited listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:MQG). By 30 October 1996 Macquarie had entered the ASX All Ordinaries Index, with a market capitalisation of approximately $A1.3 billion. In June 1999, Macquarie acquired the investment banking arm of Bankers Trust Australia.
Macquarie continued to expand its Asia operations in the early 2000s with the opening of offices in Seoul and Tokyo in 2000, and through the acquisition of ING Group’s Asian cash equities business for an undisclosed amount in March 2004. On December 16, 2004, Macquarie Infrastructure Corporation began trading as Macquarie Infrastructure Company Trust on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE:MIC).
In 2005 Macquarie announced a hostile takeover bid for the London Stock Exchange valuing the company at £1.5 billion, a bid rejected by LSE management as "derisory". In October, Macquarie signalled its intention to acquire 100 per cent of U.S. energy marketing and trading company Cook Inlet Energy Supply, enabling Macquarie’s first physical natural gas trade in the US.
Macquarie acquired UK gas supply company Corona Energy in August 2006. In December 2006, Airline Partners Australia, a Macquarie-led consortium, launched an unsuccessful take over offer for Qantas.
In 2007, MBL securityholders and the Federal Court approved the restructure of the Macquarie group into a non-operating holding company (NOHC) structure. Macquarie Group is regulated by APRA, the Australian banking regulator, as the owner of Macquarie Bank Limited, an authorised deposit taker.
On February 4, 2009, Macquarie announced its acquisition of Constellation Energy’s Houston-based downstream natural gas trading operations, making Macquarie Group the fourth largest physical gas trader in North America. In the same year Macquarie acquired independent energy advisory firm Tristone Global Capital Inc; specialist investment bank Fox-Pitt Kelton Cochran Caronia Walker; Canadian wealth management business Blackmont Capital Inc; the wholesale electricity trading business of US firm Integrys Energy; US-based fixed income fund manager Allegiance Investment Management; the equity derivatives and structured products business of German private bank Sal. Oppenheim; and Condor Ferries service between the UK, Channel Islands and France.
In 2010 Macquarie Group completed its largest foreign acquisition with the purchase of Delaware Investments, a leading US-based diversified asset management firm, from Lincoln Financial Group.
In January 2015, Macquarie Group acquired a stake in Baltic 2 offshore wind park from EnBW for a fee totalling €720 million, due for completion in summer 2016 and subject to antitrust approval. In March 2015 Macquarie announced the acquisition of a $US4 billion aircraft operating lease portfolio from AWAS Aviation Capital Limited. Later in May that year, the group jointly acquired Australia's largest owner of mobile phone towers Crown Castle Australia Holdings for an undisclosed price, rumoured to be in the region of $A1.62 billion, from its ultimate owner, Crown Castle International Corp. In October Macquarie entered into an agreement to acquire the $A8.2 billion Esanda dealer finance portfolio from ANZ Banking Group.
Macquarie employs 14,372 staff in 27 countries around the world.
Macquarie’s business activities are organised into five principle operating groups:
In addition to the principle operating groups, Macquarie has a network of support groups including; Corporate Operations Group, Financial Management Group, Legal and Governance Group and Risk Management Group.
Macquarie’s Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer is Nicholas Moore, who replaced Allan Moss in May 2008.
Macquarie Group's current Board of Directors includes:
Macquarie Bank maintains political connections through the appointment of former politicians and senior political staffers to senior positions.
Macquarie Group’s logo is a stylised representation of the ‘Holey Dollar’, Australia first official currency.
In 1813 Governor Lachlan Macquarie overcame an acute currency shortage in the colony of New South Wales by importing 40,000 Spanish silver dollars and punching a hole through the centre of them to create two unique coins, the ‘Holey Dollar’ and the ‘Dump’. The introduction of the currency stimulated the economy while retaining its intrinsic value, with the two new coins – the 'Holey Dollar' and the 'Dump' – worth 25 per cent more than the original.
According to Macquarie Group, the ‘Holey Dollar’ was Australia’s earliest example of ‘financial innovation’ and ‘embodies its pursuit of practical approaches with profitable outcomes’.
The company's high margins, profits and the lucrative rewards for its executives and shareholders saw the Australian media label the bank "The Millionaire Factory" due to their notably strong performances. As of May 6, 2016, the group's chief executive Nicholas Moore became the nation's highest paid CEO of a listed company as they announced a net profit after tax for the year at A$2.06 billion.
Macquarie Group through its subsidiary Macquarie Equipment Rentals has allegedly been perpetrating a Telco finance scam. Macquarie Equipment Rentals has sued over 300 victims of the scam which involves bundling a finance equipment contract with a contract from a small telecommunications company, often obscuring that the finance contract exists.
The scam involves the telecommunications company promising free equipment such as Plasma TVs, while offering a lower cost phone deal that offsets the cost of the equipment. The victim is then tricked into signing two contracts with the true costs often hidden, whilst being verbally promised that they will be free. The telecommunications company is paid an upfront fee by the finance company, and sometime later disappears. The victim is then left with an inflated finance company lease that requires the victim to pay often tens of thousands of dollars for equipment that in reality costs a fraction of the price.
The company's high margins and profits, and the rewards for its executives and shareholders, saw the Australian media label the bank "The Millionaire Factory" up until its share price fell almost 85% in early 2009.

</doc>
<doc id="14613775" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14613775" title="Ek Commando Knife Co.">
Ek Commando Knife Co.

Ek Commando Knife Co. or Ek Knives was a combat knife manufacturer founded by John Ek in 1941. Following several changes in ownership, in May 2014 Ek Knives was purchased by Ka-Bar which began selling its versions of Ek knife designs in 2015. Although not officially issued gear, Ek Knives have seen use by US forces in six major conflicts: World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War, the Gulf War, Afghanistan, and the Iraq War. Ek Knives manufactures Bowie-style blades, daggers, and a Fairbairn-Sykes MkII. President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Clark Gable, and General George S. Patton have been identified as Ek knife owners.
A knifemaker since 1939, in January 1941, John Ek started producing knives in quantity in Hamden, Connecticut. By 1943 he was making six different styles of knives. By August 1944, demand for his knives had grown to the point where he had three shifts working around the clock seven days a week, to produce 10 different models.
All of the knives made during WWII by Ek were numbered to help the owners keep track of them if they were lost, and because he guaranteed each knife for the lifetime of the original owner. By keeping the original owner's name on record, he could follow up his lifetime guarantee system. Ek had very strong feelings about restricting his knives to active-duty US servicemen.
It is reported that President Franklin D. Roosevelt kept a John Ek Commando Knife on his desk in the White House until the time of his death. General George S. Patton, Jr. owned a John Ek Commando Knife (as did several of his subordinates); Ek eventually named his Model No. 6 the "Patton Knife". Captain Clark Gable, while not necessarily expecting to see combat, purchased a number of Ek Knives while he served.
In 1949 John Ek moved to Miami, Florida where he continued production of his knives. From here he provided knives to American forces during the Korean and Vietnam wars. Miami-produced knives were marked "John Ek Knives, Miami, Fla.", whereas earlier knives bore the "Hamden, Conn." identification.
John Ek died on October 21, 1976, but the business was continued by his son, Gary W. Ek who had worked for his father as a knifemaker since 1971 prior to John Ek's death. Due to the growing crime rate in Miami, the Ek family decided to relocate the operation to St. Augustine until 1982, when they moved it to Richmond, Virginia.
In 1982 Ek Knife President Robert Buerlein took the reins and convinced John's Son and his Mother to move the company to Richmond, VA, with the new company slogan of "Constant Improvement". New knives have been introduced, developed by Gary Ek including the Raider/MCMAP Knife, authorized by the U.S. Marine Raider Association. Handles were made of finely grooved black Micarta and hand-checkered walnut handles were offered as an upgrade. Machined brass X-nut screws to fasten the handle became standard instead of the original poured lead rivets. Blades were ground out of stainless steel and were mirror polished. Ek knives produced lower cost models with a handle made entirely of green or black (and occasionally "desert camo") wrapped parachute cord and a heavy nylon-webbing sheath in a matching color. A number of variants, such as Ek bowie knives, hunting knives, throwing knives, boot knives and reproductions of other WW II patterns such as the Australian bowie and a copy of the Murphy-pattern combat knife were produced.
In 1993 Blackjack Knives bought Ek, and moved production to Blackjack's plant in Effingham, Illinois. Leather scabbards were discontinued to cut costs and the nylon-webbing sheath was instead substituted on all models. As Blackjack endured internal problems, they began producing small lots of different knives marked with the Ek brand in an attempt to catch the knife-buying public's attention. Blackjack went bankrupt in 1997 and sold the remaining stocks of knives to Century International Arms.
In 2014 KA-BAR Knives announced that they would acquire Ek Knife brand and reintroduce Ek branded knives to the market. Production on the new knives began in 2015, and they remain in production. 
These current production knives are branded with both KA-BAR and Ek logos and are generally recognizable as Ek style knives while sharing few design details with previous generations of the knives. Current production knives are constructed of 1095 steel, and feature black parkerized blades in a variety of styles including Model 4 spear point double edged knife and Model 5 Clip point Bowie. All models feature glass filled nylon handles that mirror the shape of previous generations. Handles are attached with traditional x-head fasteners. A composite sheath is provided.
World War 2 in the United States was a time of steel shortages as it was a scarce strategic material. The U.S. Government War Production Board tested and approved the designs of John Ek's knives and authorized continued availability of the nickel-chrome-moly steel which he used. Subsequently, he was admitted to the Army Ordnance Association.
Ek found the nickel-chrome-moly steel to be strong, yet stain and rust resistant. In later years Ek would use Swedish Sandvik stainless steel, upon request. In April or May 1939 John Ek designed the first John Ek Commando Knife which he named the Model No. 1 and that was the only model that he planned to make. The Model No. 1 had a single-edged blade of spearpoint design, with a sharpened false edge extending approximately three inches along the back edge of the blade.
Ek later developed a double-edged version of this named the Model No. 2. He added crossguards to these versions, designating them the Model No. 6 and No. 7 respectively (today these are referred to as the No. 3 and No. 4).
Several aspects of Ek's design made the knives distinct and rugged. The knife was made with a full-width, full-length tang (the extension of the blade which runs through the grips) construction. Not only did the tang run the entire length of the grips, but the tang was the full width of the grips. Most knives of the day (even ones made today) had narrow "rat-tail" tangs, many running only one-third the length of the grip. Ek believed his full tang design made the knife inherently stronger.
Ek's knives featured an extended butt, a direct extension of the blade and the blade tang itself protruding beyond the end of the handle slabs anywhere from nearly 1/2 " to 1". This allowed the butt end of the knife to be used as a pry bar for opening ammunition crates or, according to Ek's 1944 manual, "Your Silent Partner", for "an upstroke to lay your opponent out." Another use of this extension was to protect both the hand and the wooden grips when the butt was used as a hammer. The extended butt of the Ek Commando Knife may have inspired the design of the "skullcrusher" pommel on the First Special Service Force V-42 Stiletto, which appeared in 1943.
Ek preferred wood grips to leather, as the leather was prone to rot under tropical conditions. He found the rock maple grips he chose to be more comfortable and to provide a better grip, especially when the hand was wet with perspiration, than the brass/alloy grips of the British Fairbairn-Sykes Fighting Knife. The wood grips allowed the owner to custom fit the grip, by sanding, to the exact contour of his hand. For a number of years, Ek included a piece of sandpaper with each knife for this purpose.
Ek preferred his knives without crossguards for ease of concealment and for quick withdrawal as there was no crossguard to snag on clothing or a soldier's equipment. The grips on Ek's knives had eight scalloped groves:four on each of two grips. This gave the user such a good grip that John Ek found that a crossguard was not necessary to prevent the hand from sliding onto the blade. When questioned about this by the War Production Board, Ek greased his hand and plunged one of his knives into the wooden floor with such force that no one was able to pull it out.
The "Poured-Lead" Rivets which were used to affix the two wooden grips to the blade tang were unique to Ek Knives. Most knives at the time used standard cutlery rivets or pins, or they were simply driven onto the rat-tail tang. The Poured-Lead Rivets had the advantage that, if the grips ever became loose, they could be tightened in the field without any tools. All the owner needed to do was take a heavy object, such as a rock, and pound the lead rivets to tighten them. Another advantage of the Poured-Lead Rivets was the extra weight which made the knife balance far better than most, as it added weight to the hilt. This caused it to fall into the hand, rather than fall out of the hand.

</doc>
<doc id="14618940" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14618940" title="Thomas Properties Group">
Thomas Properties Group

Thomas Properties Group was an American real estate company based out of the City National Plaza in Los Angeles, California. It was founded in 1996 by James A. Thomas, and on March 9, 2004, it went public under the ticker symbol "TPGI". On December 20, 2013 Thomas Properties merged with Parkway Properties. The company owned properties in California, Pennsylvania, Virginia, and Texas, the properties not sold off are now owned by Parkway.
Thomas Properties Group was founded by James Thomas, and incorporated on March 9, 2004. 
On July 1, 2007, Lehman Brothers and the California State Teachers Retirement System partnered with Thomas Properties to buy several properties in Austin, Texas that the Blackstone Group had acquired from Equity Office Properties Trust. This venture still exists under the leadership of Parker. Thomas Group operated until December 20, 2013 when its shareholders agreed to a merger with Parkway Properties. Parkway assumed ownership of all Thomas Properties' assets as well as its debt.
On December 20, 2013 Thomas Properties Group announced that its merger into Parkway Properties was complete. The merger was valued at approximately $1.2 billion. The transaction was approved by stockholders of each company at their respective stockholder meetings on December 17, 2013. The combined company operates under Parkway's existing ticker symbol PKY, on the New York Stock Exchange.
In 2008 Thomas Properties Group received the California Sustainability Alliance's Sustainability Showcase Award. Thomas Properties Group was recognized for their leadership in greening real estate and in integrating sustainable design and operations into all aspects of its products, services and investments.

</doc>
<doc id="14621222" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14621222" title="Canson">
Canson

Canson is a French manufacturer of fine art paper and related products.
The story goes that Jean Montgolfier was taken prisoner by the Turks during the Crusades and was compelled to work in a paper mill in Damascus. There he learned how to produce paper, and he brought the knowledge back to Europe when he regained his freedom.
In 1485, Antoine Vidalon created a cereal mill. The Vidalon Paper Mills (Vidalon-le-Haut and Vidalon-le-Bas) were most probably created in the sixteenth century on the river Deûme in Davézieux parish near Annonay, France from the cereal mill that was transformed. Born in the region of Beaujolais, the Vidalon family were friends with Jean Montgolfier, who was also a papermaker in the Réveillon mill. Jean sent his two sons, Raymond and Michel, to Vidalon, so they could improve their knowledge.
In 1693, Raymond and Michel Montgolfier married the daughters of Antoine Chelles, the owner of the paper mills. The Montgolfier family subsequently ran the mills.
Pierre Montgolfier (1700–1793), son of Raymond, was a brilliant manufacturer that aimed in modernizing the profession. Thanks to him, Vidalon mills grew up rapidly. For instance, he developed the Dutch beaters to replace the mallet troughs.
One of his 16 children, Joseph Montgolfier was a brilliant inventor. He developed the Bleu de Prusse colour and a new device to raise water ... With his brother Etienne Montgolfier, he created the first hot air balloon, the montgolfière. They used their own paper to make the envelope and they engineered a heating system to inflate it. The first flight took place in Vidalon on December 14, 1782. A memorial still exists in the former paper mill’s courtyard, nearby the native house of the Montgolfier brothers and the current Papeteries Canson & Montgolfier museum.
Their mark is visible in the logo, it consists of a stylized hot air balloon - a reference to the Montgolfier brothers, Joseph-Michel and Jacques-Étienne, pioneers of the hot air balloon.
In 1783, [Louis XVI ennobled Pierre Montgolfier and his family, both on account of the aerostatic invention and on that of the strides that they have spurred in the papermaking industry.
In 1784, the paper mills were granted the name "Manufacture Royale".
One of the daughters of (Jacques-)Etienne Montgolfier, Alexandrine, married Barthélémy de Canson who ran the mills after Etienne's death in 1799.
In 1801, the company became "Montgolfier et Canson", then "Canson-Montgolfier" in 1807.
Barthélémy de Canson made the paper mill grow and developed many new processes: mass dying, the continuous paper machine, the suction boxes, mass sizing...
He has also invented the tracing paper in 1807 thanks to high refining of the paper pulp.
He installed the first Robert machine around 1820.
In 1853, Canson invented a medium for positive and negative prints. He perfected it and was granted numerous patents in France and abroad. This paper cut out the need to use platinum or gold chloride, so was easier and cheaper to use.
In 1860, the Montgolfier papermills were the largest in France. The company was registered as ""Societe Anonyme" under the name "Anciennes manufactures Canson & Montgolfier"" in 1881.
Canson has created for Jean-Auguste-Dominique Ingres, a friend of Adélaïde de Montgolfier, daughter of Etienne de Montgolfier, a laid drawing paper.
In 1910, Gustave Maillol developed, for his uncle Aristide, a special paper for printmaking. He installed his small factory in Montval near Paris. He had to stop because of World War I and, when he came back home, his equipments were scattered. He then asked Canson in Annonay to develop and produce "Les Papiers de Montval", that are still sold nowadays.
Many artists have used Canson paper: Edgar Degas, Joan Miró, Fernand Léger, Marc Chagall, Picasso, Delacroix, Matisse...
In 1926, Canson opened a subsidiary in New York City, USA.
In 1947, Canson created the famous French « pochette », so teachers no longer have to transport heavy stacks of pads.
En 1956, Blanchet et Kléber de RIves joined the mills of d'ARches, JOhannot d'Annonay, et du MArais and created Arjomari (ARches, JOhannot, MArais, RIves).
The Arjomari company acquired Papeteries Canson & Montgolfier in 1976.<br>
In 1990, Arjomari merged with the Wiggins Teape Appleton group and became the Arjo Wiggins group.
End of 2006, the group Hamelin acquired Canson with all its subsidiaries. Hamelin is a European supplier of school, office and fine art products. Oxford and Elba are brands of the Hamelin group.
Canson employs 400 persons in Europe, in North America, in South America and in Australia
In October 2016, Canson was acquired from Hamelin by the Milan-based F.I.L.A. Group.
In 1784, when the paper mill became manufacture Royale, Canson donned its device and coats of arms. Annonay’s red and golden blazon, the hot air balloon that Joseph and Etienne had invented, and paper blended into the coat of arms. The device, Ite per Orbem, (« Travel the world ») referred to Montgolfier paper, which was already international.
Nowadays, the Canson logo is a stylized hot-air balloon.
The following chart contains all the Canson product lines, sold under the brands "Canson" and "Arches".
There are many range of products : Montval, a range for watercolour papers ; Mi-Teintes, coloured paper for pastel, drawing and handicrafts; Ingres Vidalon, a coloured laid paper; "C" à Grain and 1557, drawing paper ; Figueras, paper for oil and acrylic; Infinity : digital fine art and photographic paper; XL, products for students
Cotton paper is durable and holds up to water, rubber cement and wax treatments. They also make sketch pads, rolls and sheets of paper with different tooth and weight. This is for graphite, pastel, charcoal and ink use.
Canson also produces specialty sheets and framing board for chalk pastel use under the brand-name Mi-Teintes. Composed of 60% cotton, the sheets are heavy, rough in texture, and come in 60 colors.
In 2010, the Hamelin group and Canson created the Fonds Canson pour l'art et le papier (Fondation for Art and Paper). The objective is to organize sponsoring actions for artists who work with paper. Its main action is the Prix Canson (Canson award) for an emerging artist who is accomplishing a remarkable work with paper.
In 2010, The Prix Canson was awarded to Fabien Mérelle by a jury whose president was Gérard Garouste.
In 2011, Ronald Cornelissen, Dutch artist, was awarded the Prix Canson.
Virginia Chihota, Zimbabwe, is the winner of the 2013 Prix Canson. She uses drawing and silkscreen printing to explore the themes of human relationships, such as those of isolation, consciousness and cultural dislocation.
In 2014, Simon Evans and his creative partner Sarah Lannan are the winners of the Prix Canson. Their drawings, graphs, charts, diagrams and plans, classifications and inventories are all graphic elements of concrete poetry and "psychography" or automatic writing. In 2015, the Argentinian artist Adrián Villar Rojas was awarded the Prix Canson in the Palais de Tokyo in Paris.
Since 2010, Canson is a major sponsor of the Louvre museum and is supporting the following actions: the Internet website of the museum, the digitisation of the prints and drawings department's collection.
Canson has also sponsored "Le Papier à l’œuvre ", an exhibition on interaction between paper and artists, who took place from June to September 2011 in the Louvre museum. Some works of great artists were done on Canson paper: "Nu bleu IV" from Henri Matisse and "Combustion, mèche noire et traces de brûlures sur papier Canson II" from Christian Jaccard, as well as a contemporary work from Dominique de Beir, "Le Blanc, c'est la nuit".

</doc>
<doc id="14628145" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14628145" title="AED Oil">
AED Oil

AED Oil Limited is an oil and gas exploration and development company based in Australia with international assets. The company entered voluntary administration in August 2011.
It is listed on the Australian Securities Exchange with the code AED, and is a component of the S&P/ASX 200 index until it shares were suspended as a result of entering voluntary administration. AED Oil floated on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) in May 2005. The Company was established for the purpose of acquiring, developing and commercialising specified fields and undertaking oil and gas exploration.
Based in Melbourne, the company has assets in Australia and South East Asian territories with offices in Brunei Darussalam and Jakarta. Since being listed, the company has produced over 2 million barrels of premium oil from its Puffin field, an oil field off the coast of Australia, in the Timor Sea. In addition, it has acquired contract areas Block-L in Brunei, Rombebai in Papua and South Madura in Indonesia. AED has entered into several partnerships with companies in the oil and gas sector, including Sinopec, Petroleum Brunei, Kulczyk Oil Ventures, QAF Brunei, and Cooper Energy.
AED entered administration as a result of an international arbitration panel that went against AED over Puffin oilfield. The court awarded Sea Production a settlement of $US72.39 million.
AED Oil subsequently ripped off a many of their investors with their incompetence.

</doc>
<doc id="14628893" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14628893" title="SOHO China">
SOHO China

SOHO China Limited (), founded in 1995, is the largest prime office real-estate developer in China, with corporate headquarters in Chaowai SOHO in Chaoyang District. The company is incorporated in Cayman Islands. The founders are Pan Shiyi (潘石屹), a former Oil Ministry employee, and his wife Zhang Xin (张欣), a former Goldman Sachs employee. The couple ranked the 21st richest 'person' in China a "Forbes" ranking in 2012.
SOHO China focuses on developing properties in the central business districts of Beijing and Shanghai. SOHO China developments are known for modern iconic architecture, the company collaborates with internationally recognized architects such as Pritzker Architecture Prize winning architect Zaha Hadid and Japanese architect Kengo Kuma. As of 2012 has a development portfolio of 5.2 million square meters.
SOHO China has a total of 18 properties in Beijing. Since 2009 the Company has successfully expanded into and established its presence in Shanghai, through the acquisition and development of a total of 11 properties.
SOHO China's completed projects and projects currently under construction in Beijing include: SOHO New Town, Jianwai SOHO, SOHO Shangdu - designed by Lab Architecture Studio, Chaowai SOHO, Guanghualu SOHO, Guanghualu SOHO II, Beijing SOHO Residences, ZhongGuanCun SOHO, Sanlitun SOHO, Qianmen Avenue, Chaoyangmen SOHO I, Chaoyangmen SOHO II, and Galaxy SOHO (formerly, Chaoyangmen SOHO III). SOHO China also has built internationally recognized avant garde projects, Commune by the Great Wall in Beijing and Boao Canal Village in Boao, Hainan Island.
SOHO China developments have attained tremendous commercial success, in large part due to the company’s ability to roll out high-quality, innovative products in prime locations, specifically catering to China’s high-net-worth individuals and urban professionals. SOHO China is China’s only pure prime office developer.
In August 2012, the Company announced a shift in business model from “build to sell” to “build to hold” to seize the growth in value of SOHO China properties. SOHO China has a current investment portfolio of 1.7 million square meters in China’s leading cities, and will be the largest landlord on the Bund in Shanghai.
On 8 October 2007, SOHO China was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange with a capital raising of HK$12.8 billion, approximately US$1.9 billion.The company was also named as one of the "Most Admired Companies" in China by FORTUNE (China edition) Magazine for six times running from 2006 to 2012.
5. SOHO China Annual Report 2011: http://202.66.146.82/listco/hk/sohochina/annual/2011/ar2011.pdf
6. Zhang Xin & Family: http://www.forbes.com/profile/xin-zhang/

</doc>
<doc id="14629221" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14629221" title="Wind Telecom">
Wind Telecom

Wind Telecom S.p.A. (former Weather Investments S.p.A), is a privately held telecommunications investment company previously 97% controlled by the Sawiris family (and Mr. Naguib Sawiris) and now owned by the multinational telecommunications company Veon (formerly VimpelCom).
Wind Telecom owns 100% of Wind Telecomunicazioni S.p.A (“Wind”), the third largest mobile operator and second largest fixed line operator in Italy, with more than 19 million mobile subscribers and over 2.9 million direct fixed line subscribers as of November 2010. Wind Telecom also controls and owns 50% plus one share of Orascom Telecom Holding s.a.e. (“OTH”). OTH is a leading international telecommunications company operating Global System for Mobile Communications (GSM) networks in seven high growth markets in the Middle East, Africa and South Asia, having a total population under license of approximately 460 million with an average mobile telephony penetration of approximately 29% as at Match 31, 2007. OTH operates GSM network in Algeria, Bangladesh, Egypt, Iraq, Pakistan and Zimbabwe. OTH had over 56 million subscribers as of March 2007. OTH owns 19.3% of Hutchinson Telecommunication International, a leading telecommunication services provider operating in eight countries. OTH is traded on the Cairo and Alexandria stock exchange (ORTE.CA ORAT EY) and has GDRs traded on the London Stock Exchange (ORTEq.l, OTLD LI).
Wind Telecom S.p.A. is a leading international telecommunications company offering mobile, fixed, Internet and international communication services to about 100 million subscribers in Algeria, Bangladesh, Egypt, Italy, Pakistan and North Korea. 
Wind Telecom subsidiary Global Telecom Holding formerly had an indirect equity ownership in Canadian mobile operator Wind Mobile which had been granted a spectrum license in Canada. The company is now independently owned by Canadian telecom company Shaw Communications under the name Freedom Mobile. 
Wind Telecom operates through its subsidiaries Orascom Telecom Holding s.a.e. and Wind Telecomunicazioni S.p.A (Italy). Wind Telecom is the entry point of choice for both technically advanced attractive markets and high growth, and under penetrated emerging markets. 
In June 2005, the company (named "Weather Investments S.p.A.") bought Wind Telecomunicazioni S.p.A., the third largest Italian mobile phone operator, The total value of the transaction was EUR 12.2 billion. The telecom operator offers its services under the brand name Wind.
Also in June 2005, 50% plus 1 share of Orascom Telecom Holding was transferred to Weather Investments.
In 2007 the company acquired the Greek mobile carrier TIM Hellas from Apax Partners and Texas Pacific Group (now TPG Capital) and rebranded it Wind Hellas in a deal worth EUR 3.4 billion (GBP 2.4 billion). Unfortunately, the Greek crisis brought the carrier in deep financial troubles, forcing Sawiris to sell the assets of the holding company (Weather Finance III) to a group of creditors, the SSN Ad-Hoc Committee. The transaction has been completed in December 2010. However the Wind brand is still used by the Greek carrier.
In early 2008 the company acquired the license to operate mobile services in North Korea under the name Koryolink making history by being the first mobile operator there.
In January 2011, the company decided to change its name, switching from "Weather Investments S.p.A." to "Wind Telecom S.p.A.", due to the intention to bring a new image to the group, focusing to the strong points as leading subject in telecommunications and capitalizing all the value and success achieved by the Wind brand in recent years, as declared by Khaled Bichara.
Also in January 2011, Global Telecom Holding completed its sale of Tunisian carrier Tunisiana to Qatar Telecom (QTel), in a deal worth $1.2 billion, leaving its previously owned 50 percent of Tunisiana through both Orascom Tunisia Holding and Carthage Consortium.
In March 2011, Wind Telecom officially became part of VimpelCom Ltd., the multinational wireless provider: its shareholders board definitely approved the prevented fusion between the Egyptian and the Russian company with 53.3% of participating votes, although Telenor, one of the main shareholders, opposed the deal. Consequently, the operation gave birth to the 6th largest telecommunication company worldwide, where Wind Telecom investors owned 20% of VimpelCom shares outstanding and about 31% of voting rights. Telenor stake has lowered to 31.7% from 39.6% and decrease its voting proportion to 25%. Altimo, the other main shareholder, had its stake diluted to 31.4% from 39.2%. Altimo voting rights has been reduced to 31%.

</doc>
<doc id="14631445" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14631445" title="Virgin Green Fund">
Virgin Green Fund

Virgin Green Fund was established in 2007 to invest in companies in the renewable energy and resource efficiency sectors in the US and Europe. It was subsequently closed in 2014.
The fund's first fundraising round raised $199m from Virgin and other investors. A notable initial investor was Wolverhampton City Council. The fund's investment focus is on established businesses rather than start ups. It had invested in 10 businesses out of 3,700 considered as of 2010.
As of April 2010 Virgin Green Fund's portfolio included:
In 2014, the firm was announced to be shut down by Virgin.

</doc>
<doc id="14631658" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14631658" title="Pavers Shoes">
Pavers Shoes

Pavers Ltd, also known as Pavers Shoes, is a family-owned footwear business operating in the UK and Ireland. Pavers currently has more than 100 stores, all managed from the head office in York.
The company has grown rapidly in recent years, both in retail operations (with further shops planned throughout 2014) and online. In 2011, Pavers launched its 24-hour TV footwear shopping channel on Sky 669 to allow customers to purchase shoes in their own homes via their television.
Pavers was established by Catherine Paver in 1971, with a £300 bank loan (), initially by organising shoe parties with clearance stock from shoe catalogues. The first shop was opened in Scarborough, along with stores in York and Hull. The shop in Newcastle soon followed.
The first outlet store was opened in 1996 at the Royal Quays outlet centre in North Shields. The company currently has outlet stores from Loch Lomond in Scotland, to Trerulefoot in the Cornwall.
Pavers continues to be a family-run business, run by Cathy's son Stuart Paver as the managing director. Ian and Graham Paver, Cathy's two other sons, have now both retired.
Stuart, along with Middlesbrough-based Steve Cochrane, owner of the Psyche Department Store, set up a sister company in 2000 to sell footwear online. This company recently amalgamated with Pavers, which brought the online shoe ordering ability with it.
Founder Cathy Paver was given a lifetime achievement award by her peers at the 2007 Drapers Footwear awards, 36 years after starting the company.
Pavers supports several UK-based and international charities. In 2006, through a limited edition shoe design, they raised £45,000 for Marie Curie Cancer Care.
For the past 10 years, the company has been involved with sponsoring and supporting children in third-world countries. Currently, Pavers is sponsoring three children through Compassion International.
In 2008, Pavers announced the opening of its new business, Pavers England Footprints Limited, in Chennai, India.
Pavers England Limited (PEL) is a joint venture between Pavers Ltd. and the Foresight Group. At a press launch, Pavers revealed that they expected a sales turnover of $10 million.
As part of the project, Pavers announced they would commission a $3 million footwear design studio in Chennai.

</doc>
<doc id="14633518" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14633518" title="ScanSafe">
ScanSafe

ScanSafe was a privately held company backed by investors Benchmark Capital and Scale Venture Partners, until its 2009 acquisition by Cisco Systems. The company provided Web-based "Software as a service" (SaaS) to organizations.
Co-founded in 1999 by brothers Eldar and Roy Tuvey, its services block malware and secure the use of the Web and messaging. Noted as being the first to successfully deliver a Secure Web Gateway service, the company competes with similar services offered by Blue Coat Systems, MessageLabs, Purewire, Webroot, Websense and Zscaler.
ScanSafe has offices in London, England and San Francisco, California and maintains alliance partnerships with Google, AT&T, Sprint, Kaspersky, Telus, NEC, Orange Business Services, Integralis, SoftScan, TopNordic, Viatel, Ancoris, and FVC.
MessageLabs, a major provider of Messaging services ended a strategic partnership between the two companies in 2006. MessageLabs introduced a competing in-house product titled Web Security Service Version 2, resulting in a court judgment brought about by ScanSafe which required MessageLabs to notify all prospective clients that the Version 2 service is not based on ScanSafe technology.
In November 2007, a malware outbreak on the Indiatimes website was reported by ScanSafe. Whilst the website wasn't the only victim, the attack was notable due to the popularity of the website and in the number of vulnerabilities the malware attempted to exploit. Alexa regularly ranks Indiatimes as one of the top 250 most visited websites.
In January 2009, ScanSafe reported a malware infection on the official website of Paris Hilton.
In October 2009, ScanSafe discontinued Scandoo, a free service that provided advance warning for security risks and offensive content in search engine results.
In October 2009, Cisco announced the acquisition of ScanSafe for approximately US$183 million. ScanSafe was integrated into the Cisco Security business unit. The deal was completed December 2009.
In 2007 ScanSafe was named one of the top 100 technology startups in the world by Red Herring, awarded Best Software as a Service (SaaS) Solution by the Codie awards and won Best Content Security Solution for 3 consecutive years as voted by SC Magazine readers. In September 2008 ScanSafe were awarded CNET Security Product or Service of the Year for their Anywhere+ product, a software based filtering solution for mobile users.
A 2008 report by Gartner identified ScanSafe as a challenger in the Secure Web Gateway (SWG) market, having moved from the visionary position previously occupied in 2007. Gartner acknowledged strong partner relationships and the ability to offer an excellent solution for companies with a high percentage of mobile workers and/or remote offices, but noted the service can be expensive and that report archiving is limited.
In October 2009, IDC reported that ScanSafe holds over 30% of the worldwide SaaS Web Security market, more than any other vendor in the sector.

</doc>
<doc id="14635043" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14635043" title="Kemper Corporation">
Kemper Corporation

Kemper Corporation (formerly known as Unitrin, Inc.) is one of America's major insurance providers. The group of companies specializes in home, auto, life and health insurance products for individuals, families and small businesses.
Unitrin, Inc. was founded in April 1990 when it was spun off from Henry Singleton's conglomerate Teledyne. Singleton hoped that the spin-off of Unitrin would duplicate the successful results of the Argo Group, originally a worker's compensation insurance provider, spun off in 1986. Argonaut's original $20 per share stock appreciated 240 percent by 1990.
Singleton remained Chairman of Unitrin after it was spun off to shareholders at $31.25 per share, trading on NASDAQ. Unitrin divided its business into three major categories: life and health insurance; property and casualty insurance; and consumer finance, which covered a variety of services including automobile and industrial loans.
During the second part of 1994, Unitrin was targeted for a hostile takeover. American General Corp., an insurance carrier headquartered in Houston, sent a $2.6 billion takeover bid. On June 26, Unitrin rejected the $50.38 per share offer and adopted a poison pill defense by initiating a stock buyback plan of ten million shares or 19% of its stock. American General then took Unitrin to court. A Delaware Chancery Court judge agreed and issued a restraining order against Unitrin's proposed stock buyback until September 27, 1994. Unitrin continued to resist the merger offer, and, on December 13, 1994, the Delaware Supreme Court overturned the lower court's injunction, allowing Unitrin to continue buying back its stock. (For details see "Unitrin, Inc. v. American General Corp.") As 1994 ended, Unitrin's total revenues rose slightly to $1.37 billion, just over the previous year's $1.36 billion. However, Unitrin's net income rose from $95 million in 1993 to a shocking $148 million for 1994 fiscal year. As Unitrin entered its fifth year as an independent company, it continued buying back its stock to keep American General and, possibly, other suitors at bay. By the end of 1995, Unitrin had bought back 13.5 million shares at a cost of $661 million. Unitrin's poison pill defense worked: American General's takeover bid expired on February 7, 1995 and was not renewed.
In 2002, Unitrin purchased the renewal rights for the homeowners and automobile insurance lines of Kemper Insurance, a long-time Chicago insurance and financial services firm that had financial difficulties. In 2010, Unitrin purchased all rights to the Kemper name, and on August 25, 2011, Unitrin officially began operations as Kemper Corporation, with trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the KMPR ticker symbol.
In April 2015, Kemper acquired Alliance United Insurance Company, one of the fastest growing auto insurance providers in the State of California. Source:
Source:

</doc>
<doc id="14635932" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14635932" title="Kneissl">
Kneissl

Kneissl is a manufacturer of handmade skis, biking and tennis equipment and apparel, based in Kufstein, Tyrol, Austria.
The Kneissl Company was founded as a wheel factory in 1861. The first skis were produced in 1919. In the sixties, Kneissl developed the first plastic skis featuring a wood core. Ski racer Karl Schranz made the Kneissl White Star ski one of the most sought after in the world. In the Seventies, the company expanded into cross-country ski and tennis racquet production.
In 1980, Kneissl went bankrupt and was bought out by German cross-country ski manufacturer Trak, as sole owner. In 1983, US company Tristar took over Kneissl.
In February 1989, BREG Gesellschaft für Bau und Revitalisierung, belonging to Hans Peter Haselsteiner and Erhard Grossnigg and Reinfried Spazier, took a majority stake.
Kneissl was credited with the invention of “big foot” skis in 1990. It was also the first company to sell a carving ski in Austria.
In 1992, Kneissl and Dachstein were merged into Molln-based Kneissl Dachstein Sportartikel AG. In fiscal year 1993/1994, the company, employing 320 people, achieved revenues of 627 million Schilling. However, in 2003, Kneissl became insolvent for the second time. In 1995, Kneissl joined with Switzerland Raichle and integrated the Dynafit, Dee Luxe and Marker brands.
In 1998, the company was renamed Kneissl & Friends. In 1999, production was stopped at Molln and headquarters moved back to Kufstein. 2 production sites were opened in Hungary.
In September 2002, the expansion strategy had failed. Ski production in Kufstein had to be adjusted, and part of it taken up by Fischer. Raichl was sold to Mammut AG in January 2003 and 3 months later, Kneissl applies for insolvency. It was bought up by a consortium, which saw its members step down one by one.
In 2006, production was terminated in Kufstein and moved to the Czech Republic and Carinthia or contracted out to Fischer.
In 2008, Sheikh Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber took a controlling stake in Kneissl through his JJW Hotels & Resorts group. New orientation was the opening of up to 70 Kneissl Star Lounges worldwide - a concept mixing shopping and catering in a same place - as well as several Kneissl Star Resort Hotels.
The first Kneissl Star Lounge opened in the city center of Innsbruck in 2009. Another built in Hochfügen has never been occupied. Establishment of the Kneissl Hotel project was postponed several times. Plans to build a ski factory in Kiefersfelden were discarded.
After Mohamed Bin Issa Al Jaber had delayed a €1,2 million investment, former shareholder Fritz Unterberger requested (January 3, 2011) that bankruptcy proceedings be initiated for Kneissl. He was owed about 900.000 euros. Other litigation erupted with fashion label Susan Strasser and football club FC Wacker Innsbruck.
Despite ongoing reports on financial difficulties, CEO stood by the 25 million euros hotel project in Stockenboi. As Sheikh Al Jaber again postponed the investment, resumption of negotiations on bankruptcy were necessary. Andreas Gebauer was called upon to prove Kneissl's solvency in Innbruck regional court.
On the 8th of February 2011, Andreas Gebauer applied for insolvency for Kneissl Holding GmbH, Kneissl Tirol GmbH and Kneissl Star Lounge GmbH. In his initial statement, Gebauer spoke of a legal claim against Sheikh Al Jaber, for not respecting his capital injection engagements, he was responsible of the situation. Al Jaber repeated his will not to abandon Kneissl, and offered support to a redevelopment plan. Creditor Susan Strasser GmbH filed complaint for grossly neglection of creditors interest, opposition to insolvency application and fraudulent bankruptcy. Related investigations started in February 2011 and were later expanded to JJW.
In June 2011, a negotiated redevelopment plan was thwarted by Al Jaber failing to pay €2,1 million. In July, ski production in Kufstein was terminated. In October 2011, the liquidator lawyer Stefan Geiler chose to sell Kneissl to Friends of Sports. However, Friends of Sport delayed the payment Eventually, scheich Al Jaber bade €1.98 million and took back control of the company, offering creditors a 20% rate. Al Jaber's company JJA Beteiligungsverwaltungs GmbH became the sole stakeholder.
Andreas Gebauer has been CEO since 2007, Andrea King vice-CEO since January 2011.
Holding company Kneissl Holding GmbH controls 100% of Kneissl Holding GmbH, Kneissl Star Lounge GmbH and Kneissl Star Resort AG.

</doc>
<doc id="14637943" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14637943" title="Bath Ales">
Bath Ales

Bath Ales is a brewery located in the town of Warmley, Bristol, north-west of Bath, England.
The brewery was established in 1995 by former employees of Smiles Brewery in Bristol. Since that time, it has experienced steady growth, which included opening a new bottling plant in 2007. On 1 July 2016 Bath Ales was acquired by Cornwall-based St Austell Brewery.
The brewery uses an efficient steam-driven plant. Heat exchangers take the warmth naturally created by the fermentation process and use it to heat the water. The finished grain is then given to local farmers as livestock feed, while the finished hops and yeast are converted into fertiliser.
The brewery uses simple label artwork, featuring a dashing hare. It brews eleven beers and a cider, which are sold in cask, keg and bottle.
Regular beers include Gem (4.1% abv), a best bitter; Barnsey (formerly Barnstormer) (4.5% abv), a dark bitter; Darkside (4.0% abv), a stout; Golden Hare (4.4% abv), a light ale; Ginger Hare (3.9% abv), a spicy ale; Wild Hare (5.0% abv), an organic golden pale ale; and Special Pale Ale (3.7% abv), a golden pale ale. The seasonal ales are Festivity (5.0% abv), a seasonal rum porter; Rare Hare (5.2% abv), a seasonal premium bitter; Summer's Hare (3.9% abv), a light hoppy beer; and Forest Hare (3.9% abv), a hoppy autumnal ale. Bounders (5.4% abv) and Bounders Traditional (6.0% abv), both ciders, complete the range.
The brewery has a number of tied pubs, mainly in the Bath and Bristol area. In Bristol these include; The Wellington, on the Gloucester Road, Horfield, Beerd in Cotham, Graze Bar & Chophouse on Queen Square and both Beerd and Colston Street Bar & Kitchen at the Colston Hall.
In Bath the brewery runs The Salamander, The Hop Pole and Graze Bar, Brewery & Chophouse. Along with The Swan at nearby Swineford.
Other locations include Graze Bar, Brasserie & Chophouse in Cirencester and Beerd in Oxford.

</doc>
<doc id="14640467" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14640467" title="GridPoint">
GridPoint

GridPoint is a cleantech company that provides energy management and sustainability solutions for enterprises, government agencies and utilities.
GridPoint’s technology and services include intelligent, real-time control, equipment-level submetering and monitoring hardware, big data analytics software and energy management services.
GridPoint was founded in 2003 by Peter L. Corsell. Through its early growth and into 2009, GridPoint’s Smart Grid Platform provided an intelligent network for utilities to integrate load measurement and control devices, energy storage technologies and renewable energy sources into the electric grid.
In 2009, the company began leveraging the data and analytics research and knowledge from its utility-facing smart grid technologies to develop energy management solutions for the enterprise and government sectors.
Later that year, GridPoint acquired ADMMicro, a developer of energy management systems for the commercial and industrial (C&I) sector and Lixar, a cloud-based energy management software technology company.
In 2013, former Berkshire Hathaway executive Todd Raba joined GridPoint as CEO. Raba had previously run the Berkshire Hathaway companies Johns Manville and MidAmerican Energy Company.
GridPoint’s integrated energy management solution includes hardware, software and services that collect data about equipment-level energy consumption and building environmental conditions, aggregate and analyze that data and then communicate what actions can be taken to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions, improve operational efficiency and capital utilization and help ensure business continuity.
GridPoint’s real-time controllers manage lighting schedules and HVAC (heating, ventilation and air conditioning) temperature setpoints across a network of facilities. Equipment-level submeters measure circuit-level power consumption for equipment such as individual HVAC units, chiller boiler systems, lighting, refrigeration, kitchen equipment, plug loads and signage and monitoring devices collect environmental data such as temperature, humidity and CO2 levels. Captured data is then fed into the GridPoint Energy Manager software platform.
GridPoint’s energy management software platform, GridPoint Energy Manager, is a cloud-based data aggregation and analytics engine that presents equipment-level energy consumption and building environmental information through SaaS-based dashboards, reports and alarms. The software platform can be used with either GridPoint equipment or third-party hardware via open, standards-based public interfaces. The software platform also includes demand response functionality and renewable energy integration for technologies such as solar, fuel cells and wind.
GridPoint’s energy management services include energy advisory services, advanced reporting, custom savings analyses, alarm management, facility triage, equipment diagnoses and training.
GridPoint’s current utility solutions include enterprise energy management and submetering systems to support utilities’ commercial and industrial customers by providing information about energy consumption patterns and load and storage management solutions that capture and dispatch energy by storage assets located in a utility's transmission and distribution system. For residential utility customers, GridPoint provides software-based dashboards that provide information about energy consumption, predicted energy usage and carbon impact.
GridPoint has received various honors including designation as a 2008 Technology Pioneer by The World Economic Forum, inclusion in the 2009 Global Cleantech 100 by "The Guardian" and Cleantech Group, the 2013 Customer Value Leadership Award for Building Energy Management Solutions from Frost & Sullivan and selection as a 2013 Top 10 Enterprise Smart Grid Leader by Groom Energy.
The company has also been referenced in books including "Hot, Flat, and Crowded" by Thomas Friedman, "The Clean Tech Revolution" by Ron Pernick and Clint Wilder, "Perfect Power" by Robert Galvin and Kurt Yeager and "Earth: The Sequel" by Fred Krupp.
GridPoint’s institutional investors include Goldman Sachs and New Enterprise Associates (NEA).

</doc>
<doc id="14640805" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14640805" title="Aventine Renewable Energy">
Aventine Renewable Energy

Aventine Renewable Energy is a bioethanol and biodiesel company based in Pekin, Illinois that produces and markets these biofuels.
In 2006, it produced almost of fuel in the United States. It also produces other by-products: corn gluten feed and meal, corn germ, condensed corn distillers solubles, dried distillers grain with solubles, wet distillers grain with solubles, carbon dioxide and brewers' yeast.
The company, which was delisted from the New York Stock Exchange after its stock crashed after initially being listed in 2006, filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy on April 8, 2009. It emerged from bankruptcy March 16, 2010.

</doc>
<doc id="14640916" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14640916" title="Verbio">
Verbio

Verbio - Vereinigte Bioenergie AG - is a German manufacturer and supplier of biofuels. With about 750 employees at three locations the company produces biodiesel, ethanol fuel and biogas on an industrial scale and has developed its own processes.
In the year 1995 Claus Sauter founded a mill for oil-bearing plant components. In May 2006, the previous individual companies merged to form today's Aktiengesellschaft (AG).
On June 4, 2007 the corporation was listed in the ÖkoDAX.

</doc>
<doc id="14641454" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14641454" title="Freshslice Pizza">
Freshslice Pizza

Freshslice Pizza is a Canadian franchised pizza chain in restaurants located throughout British Columbia, and one location in Toronto as of 2016. The first restaurant opened in 1999 in Vancouver, British Columbia. Today, Freshslice Pizza is the second-largest pizza chain in British Columbia behind Panago in terms of locations open.
Ray J. Russell established Freshslice Pizza with a purpose of developing a new fast-food concept. His goal was to combine pizza delivery with self-serve dining. The Freshslice franchising model is unique in that franchisees pay 0% royalty rates and 0% marketing royalties.
Freshslice was awarded the Consumer Choice Awards for Business Excellence in 2007, 2008 and 2009. In 2013 it was awarded the Best By The Slice in Vancouver by "Georgia Straight Magazine".
The chain is currently upgrading all existing locations with a new interior look, ""Vision 2020"."
In 2011 the company was issued a court order to pay $44,000 for hiring illegal workers. Companies owned by Freshslice Pizza founder Ray Russell, his wife Isabella Flores and corporate employee Bahman Afshari were all charged by the Canada Border Services Agency after a tip led to the discovery that over a dozen undocumented refugees were employed at Freshslice locations in Vancouver. Afshari was also personally charged. In 2012, JM Food Services, a company operating under Ray Russell, was involved with legal action against a former multiple-unit franchisee, Canada Businet Co. LTD regarding their closure of multiple Freshslice Pizza locations located in both British Columbia and Ontario. In 2013, Ray Russell was found liable for over $40,000 for damages related to unpaid rent and related costs to R.T.M Holdings LTD. During the court proceedings it was also reveled that a corporate location owned by Mr Russell remained in operation to the public despite sewage repeatedly backing into the restaurant. In 2014 Russell was found guilty by the B.C Supreme Court of wrongful dismissal of a corporate employee. The courts ordered a judgement of over $40,000 to the former employee.

</doc>
<doc id="14642676" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14642676" title="SunCruz Casinos">
SunCruz Casinos

SunCruz Casinos was one of many cruise lines that offered "cruises to nowhere," legally transporting passengers into international waters beyond the reach of federal and state gambling laws.
Four ships operated out of four ports including Jacksonville (SunCruz VII), Key Largo (SunCruz I), Myrtle Beach (SunCruz VIII), and Port Canaveral (SunCruz XII).
On December 16, 2009, SunCruz Casinos was reported to be closing amid reports of owing $300,000 to the Canaveral Port Authority. Parent company Ocean Casino Cruises filed Chapter 7 bankruptcy December 28.
At the time of the filing of bankruptcy, there were about 300 full-time and part-time employees.
In 1994 Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis, already a multi-millionaire by founding the Miami Subs sandwich shop franchise, bought a number of luxury yachts. He remodeled the yachts as casinos, and began to operate his "cruises to nowhere," sailing three miles from the Florida coast into what was then considered international waters. There, out on the sea, passengers would gamble on poker, blackjack and slot machines. Boulis called his fleet of 11 ships the SunCruz Casino line. By the time he sold the company in 2000, SunCruz Casinos was earning tens of millions of dollars in annual profits, and employed over 2,000 people.
In September 2007, SunCruz discontinued operation at Palm Beach. Service has subsequently been discontinued at Daytona and Treasure Island.
In the 2000s, lobbyists such as Jack Abramoff became involved illegally with the sale of the line. Boulis was murdered in 2001.

</doc>
<doc id="14643641" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14643641" title="MirCorp">
MirCorp

MirCorp was a commercial space company created in 1999 by space entrepreneurs and involving the Russian space program that successfully undertook a number of firsts in the business of space exploration by using the aging Russian space station Mir as a commercial platform. Its actions were highly controversial as it created a roadblock to the planned International Space Station in creating a viable, low cost alternative.
The company achieved the following:
In terms of business development, the company was able to launch the era of space tourism by signing American businessman Dennis Tito to his launch contract. It also signed with television producer Mark Burnett (producer of the Survivor reality show) and with NBC, to produce a reality show “Destination Mir,” where the winner would travel to space. And it also was able to sign other media, entertainment and commercial space research projects. MirCorp's CEO Jeffrey Manber later stated “ we failed to survive but proved the business model, and in the long-term that will be just as important.”
The company was formed as an idea by telecommunications and space investor Walt Anderson and space advocate Rick Tumlinson. Russia lacked the funds to upgrade and save the space station, and had concluded it had no choice but to deorbit the station. Several ideas were floated, including one to hand over the Mir to the United Nations. The idea proposed by Anderson and Tumlinson was to save the Mir space station by raising it to a higher orbit to gain time and developing a “space tether” to supply power to keep the space station in orbit while further funds were raised. This plan was never implemented by the MirCorp team, as the United States government barred the export of the space tether technology until after the deorbit of the space station was announced.
The founders recruited space entrepreneur Jeffrey Manber, who had helped negotiate the first contract between the Soviet Union and NASA on space interests, and had also represented the huge Russian space company RSC Energia in its American dealings during the 1990s. Manber created the business model for the venture which involved proving that space could be a platform for media and entertainment, as well as serious space research.
In February 2000, the agreement between the Russian space company RSC Energia, which had the commercial rights to the space station, and MirCorp, was announced in London. Present at the press conference was MirCorp CEO Jeffrey Manber and RSC Energia General Director Yuri P. Semenov. Also present at the press conference was co-investor Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria, and Andrew Eddy, recruited from the Canadian Space Agency.
The news took senior NASA officials by surprise, and thus began the roller-coaster ride of the MirCorp efforts. Their efforts were criticized by many as a private interference with international space policies. Their desire to sell tickets to space as part of a "citizen explorers" program was ridiculed by NASA and its supporters.
As a result of the company's backing, the RSC Energia officials boosted the Mir into a higher orbit, thus postponing the deorbit that had been agreed to by the Russian Space Agency in discussions with NASA. Manber later explained that the business model for the venture was fashioned after that of air travel, where Boeing may build the planes but commercial agents such as United or British Airways sells the tickets. The intent was to have marketing experts sell the space program, and let the space manufacturer, RSC Energia, focus on the safe operations of the station. Manber explained that in the aviation world, it was not the manufacturers who sold the tickets; it was the marketing companies. MirCorp and RSC Energia were the first to use this strategy for space exploration, which has emerged again more recently with Sir Richard Branson’s announcement to market Scaled Composites StarShip suborbital flights.
It was also unusual as an international venture with Russia in the 1990s in that the Russians were given the operating control of the venture, reflecting the political realities of the importance of the Mir to the Russian society. RSC Energia owned 60% of MirCorp, whereas the financial investors controlled 40%. Investor Anderson explained that he was comfortable letting the Russians run the space component, and his team would run the business. Anderson said, “A lot of this venture is based on trust, pure and simple.” Anderson was not so sanguine regarding NASA and he used the media interest in the venture to launch many critical comments towards NASA, the planned International Space Station and even the foreign policies of the American government. Anderson selected Holland as the headquarters for the company since he believed the country was far more ethical than that of his own.
Regardless of the controversy, a new era in space exploration was inaugurated on April 4, 2000, when the Soyuz TM-30, known as the MirCorp mission, carried two crew members, Sergei Zalyotin and Alexandr Kaleri, to the Mir space station.
The two man crew returned the dormant Mir space station to life, located the source of the leak, repaired the leak, and carried on commercial and basic research. Zalyotin admitted to being nervous when the hatch door was opened, not sure what exactly would be found in the station. 
While the mission was being undertaken, the management of MirCorp was able to announce a number of commercial contracts, including that of the agreement with NBC and Mark Burnett. NBC even began running commercials promoting its upcoming "Destination Mir" reality show.
On June 16, on schedule, the mission came to an end. It had lasted 73 days and the crew returned in good health. Behind the scenes, the MirCorp management and Energia space officials were both surprised at the technical and commercial success, but worried that the Mir would soon have to be shut for good. 
On June 19, 2000, a press conference was held at the Russian Mission Control Center TSUP, at which the MirCorp president, along with RSC Energia head of International Development Alexander Derechin, announced that Dennis Tito, a former US space program engineer, who founded Wilshire, Associated—the Santa Monica, California-based company that revolutionized the field of investment management consulting, was MirCorp's first “Citizen Explorer.”
Tito would subsequently withstand intense pressure brought on him and on Russian space officials by NASA not to undertake his mission. The NASA administrator publicly rebuked MirCorp for their efforts during Congressional hearings. Tito went forward with his training and eventually, with the deorbit of the Mir, he transferred his efforts to fly on the International Space Station. With the help of RSC Energia, MirCorp and later Space Adventures, he became the first space tourist to visit the International Space Station.
Dennis Tito was not the first "amateur" to blast into space. Previously, Japanese TV journalist Toyohiro Akiyama had flown on a commercial mission to the Russian space station Mir. Tito was the first to pay for his own ticket, thus earning the designation of the first space tourist.
The Tito mission took place in the context of the controversy over the decision by the major Russian space company RSC Energia to work with MirCorp to create a commercial space station.
The NASA space agency immediately cancelled planned high level meetings between the Russian and US space agencies. Their legal team declared that a bill would be sent for any damages caused by the flight of Tito.
Koptev stated: "In November 2000, we informed NASA that we planned to launch Tito to [Alpha]...". He did not recall NASA expressing any negative reaction at that time. That situation changed, however, as the two space powers entered into a standoff in which neither would back down.
Koptev, the head of the Russian Space Agency, later told reporters: “Our legal advisors told us that the fine for any misdoing aboard the station, including damage to morale, could exceed the money that we had earned from Tito's contract, and could even exceed Russia's space budgetary capacity."
The NASA administrator, implied that Dennis Tito was not an American patriot and U.S. Sen. Barbara Mikulski of Maryland compared the behavior of all those concerned with the space tourist program to that of “pimps.”
In addition, on several occasions the Russians claimed that they had not been reimbursed by MirCorp for services. MirCorp founder Walt Anderson was later charged with federal tax evasion, plead guilty, and was sentenced to nine years in federal prison.
By the end of the 73-day MirCorp mission, the company enjoyed a $70 million backlog in customer orders. A decision was made by Russia, however, to yield to the American pressures and deorbit the station. In addition, the two financial investors were late on their payments and new investors were frightened off by the negative publicity from NASA.
The company remained in business even after the Mir was destroyed. It handled the efforts of *NSync boy band Lance Bass’s unsuccessful effort to fly to space, as well as that of former NASA official Lori Garver (currently Deputy NASA Administrator), who also sought to use advertising as a means to be a space tourist, before finally closing the doors.
MirCorp attempted to demonstrate that a private company could manage a manned space station; that a business model could be developed around an orbiting space station. However, its failure to produce sufficient revenue to pay its modest expenses and the imprisonment of one of its founders for tax evasion indicate that its efforts were unsuccessful.
Today the situation has changed. Former NASA administrator Michael D. Griffin has voiced full support for commercialization of manned space activities and the Russian operated space tourist program is fully accepted by the United States.
The space tourism program has continued in Russia, which today enjoys far more robust funding than a decade ago.

</doc>
<doc id="14643699" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14643699" title="NTT Data Engineering Systems Corporation">
NTT Data Engineering Systems Corporation

Hitachi Zosen Information Systems was founded as a division of Hitachi Zosen Corporation in 1977, becoming an independent systems integration focussed on CAD/CAM, GPS/GIS,
and ERP/SCM in 1997, and finally changing its name in 2006 to NTT Data Engineering Systems Corporation (NDES) when NTT Data Corporation acquired the management rights.
NDES supplies services and software products such as "Space-E/Modeller", "Space-E/CAM", "Space-E/Mold", which are all based on the Catia system.
In addition to its activities in Japan, it has offices in China and Thailand and develops software in Vietnam and Slovakia.
In 2002 NDES signed a strategic alliance with Dassault to develop and sell new generation, collaborative Space-E/CAM and MOLD Solutions, leveraging the V5 Architecture, NC and Tooling Solutions to deliver a 3d PLM-integrated CAM and Mold portfolio to the Asia-Pacific market. It remains a "Gold Software Partner" with Dassault.
Vero Software Plc, a supplier of software to NDES, describes them as "the largest vendor of CAM systems in Japan".

</doc>
<doc id="14644930" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14644930" title="Allied (automobile)">
Allied (automobile)

The Allied automobile was a taxicab built in Elkhart, Indiana, by the Allied Cab Manufacturing Co. The company started production in 1932, using the factory of the Elcar automobile, which had ended production in 1931. Several former Elcar employees who had been involved with Elcar taxicab production joined the new company. Production of the Allied taxicab ended in 1934, followed by small production of the Super Allied taxicab in 1935.

</doc>
<doc id="14645157" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14645157" title="Extol International">
Extol International

EXTOL International Inc. is the largest technology firm in the city of Pottsville, Pennsylvania, employing over 90 technology professionals in the field of electronic data interchange (EDI) and business-to-business (B2B) data integration. It has also been named one of the top private companies in the Lehigh Valley, and one of the top 500 technology firms in the United States.
EXTOL was incorporated in 1989 by Joe Baran and Tony Baran, who at the time, recognized the need for companies throughout the supply chain to comply with EDI mandates. They created EDI integration software that ran on the IBM AS/400 platform (IBM System i), which today, remains one of the last IBM-based EDI integration products actively being developed and supported. In 2006, EXTOL publicly released the next generation of its EDI integration software, EXTOL Business Integrator (EBI), which allowed companies to exchange EDI through multiple platforms, including Linux and Windows. EBI expanded enterprise data integration capabilities beyond traditional EDI to include other data file tips such as XML, spreadsheets, flat files, and application-to-application (A2A) data.
By the start of 2012, EXTOL had grown their customer base by 750 companies and had realized record-breaking sales revenues. The continued need for EDI and B2B integration solutions across the supply chain helped EXTOL develop significant software releases, and by the end of 2015, had increased market share by 26.9%.
In 2016, EXTOL was acquired by Illinois-based Cleo, an enterprise software company that provides electronic data interchange, and application-to-application, business-to-business, and big data integration services to organizations with managed file transfer needs. The Pottsville, PA office will operate under the Cleo name.

</doc>
<doc id="14645437" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14645437" title="Horizons Satellite">
Horizons Satellite

Horizons Satellite is a joint venture between Intelsat and SKY Perfect JSAT Group. Originally formed in 2001, pursuant to a memorandum of understanding between JSAT Corporation and PanAmSat for the launch of Horizons-1, it was renewed for Horizons-2. JSAT later merged into the SKY Perfect JSAT Group and PanAmSat was acquired by Intelsat, but the companies continued with the relationship, with the order for Horizons-3e. Both companies also launched a joint satellite, Intelsat 15/JCSAT-85, but instead of the equal share agreement of this joint venture, JSAT owns a specific payload of 5 transponders out of the 22 K band transponders of the spacecraft.
On August 1, 2001, JSAT Corporation announced an equal share joint venture with PanAmSat, called Horizons Satellite. On September 4, 2001, it ordered from Boeing its first satellite, Horizons-1/Galaxy 13. It was a spacecraft with 24 C band and 24 K band transponders. It had a 10 kW power generation capacity and 15 years of expected life.
On the same day of the satellite order, Boeing disclosed that it had received an parallel contract from PanAmSat, where the latter had excercised an existing option to launch Horizons-1 from its Sea Launch subsidiary.
On October 22, 2002, JSAT and PanAmSat announced a joint sales agreement where JSAT's clients would gain access to PAS 2 and PAS 8, while PanAmSat's would get JCSAT-2A and JCSAT-3. A week later, on October 28, Horizons Satellites obtained permission to operate in Japan.
Horizons-1 was successfully launched on October 1, 2003 aboard a Zenit-3SL rocket from the Ocean Odyssey platform in the Pacific.
On June 27, 2005, JSAT and PanAmSat announced that they were renewing the partnership by ordering a second satellite, Horizons-2. This K band satellite would be positioned on the 74°West that belonged to PanAmSat.
On August 30, 2005, Orbital Sciences announced that Horizons Satellite had ordered a small satellite based on the STAR-2 platform, Horizons-2, for the PanAmSat licensed orbital slot at 74°West. It would carry 20 Ku band transponders, generate 3.5 kW of power, weight around and was expected to be launched in 2007.
The August 2005 take over of PanAmSat by Intelsat, did not diminished the relationship and, in fact, strengthened the alliance. On December 21, 2007, Horizons Satellite used an Ariane 5 rocket to launch Horizons-2. And, outside of the Horizons Satellite, JCSAT and Intelsat launched the joint satellite Intelsat 15/JCSAT-85 on November 30, 2009 aboard a Zenit-3SLB.
On November 4, 2015, JSAT and Intelsat made a joined statement that they would add a new member to their Horizons joint venture. The satellite, called Horizons 3e, would be based on the Intelsat Epic platform, featuring an optimized C band and high throughput K band payload it would offer mobility and broadband connectivity services in the Asia-Pacific region. It was expected to use the 169°East orbital slot and launch by the second half of 2018.
This would be the fourth joint satellite, along the other two Horizons Satellite spacecrafts, Horizons-1 and Horizons-2 and the separately co-owned JCSAT-85/Intelsat 15. Since this would be an investment within Horizons Satellite, it would not be considered a capital expenditure of the parent companies.
It has two satellites on-orbit Horizons-1 and Horizons-2, with a third, Horizons-3e planned for 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="14645567" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14645567" title="Black Crow (automobile)">
Black Crow (automobile)

Black Crow automobiles were manufactured from 1909-1911 by the Crow Motor Car Company in Elkhart, Indiana, and sold by the Black Motor Company .

</doc>
<doc id="14646325" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14646325" title="Ballet Fantastique">
Ballet Fantastique

Ballet Fantastique is a 501(c)3 nonprofit chamber ballet company based in Eugene, Oregon, and co-directed by mother-daughter team Donna and Hannah Bontrager. Ballet Fantastique was founded in October 2000 and currently has three components: A professional chamber ballet company, a pre-professional academy in the Russian Vaganova method of training, and a busy outreach wing (bringing dance to a range of audiences both in-school and in-theater). Ballet Fantastique became a resident company at Eugene's Hult Center for the Performing Arts in June 2014.
The Ballet Fantastique contemporary chamber company is directed by mother-daughter choreographer-producers Donna Marisa and Hannah Bontrager and composed of 7-12 professional artists. The company fields auditions from dancers across the US. Since 2003, the company has presented all-original contemporary ballet productions each season at the Hult Center for the Performing Arts. Ballet Fantastique also tours, and has performed with Ballet Rogue in Medford, Oregon, at the internationally recognized Oregon Shakespeare Festival in Ashland, Oregon, and at the Lincoln Performance Hall in downtown Portland, Oregon, to name just a few. The company has been called a "bold, cross-disciplinary dance company" by Dante Zuniga-West of the Eugene Weekly (2011). According to Portland Center Stage Reviews, Ballet Fantastique has "made a name for itself in out-of-the-box revisions of classic story ballets."
Ballet Fantastique concerts often feature collaborations with live artists and musicians. Projections of local gallery paintings were used as backdrops for the performance Danse en Rouge: Variations in Red at the Hult Center for the Performing Arts, which also included the Trio Voronezh and classical guitarist John Jarvie. In 2009, Ballet Fantastique collaborated with composer Jeremy Schropp and a 25-part orchestra in Visions d’Amour: 10 Ballets in Paris for the world premiere of his ballet inspired by Vincent van Gogh, “Night at the Café Terrace." Other notable collaborations include the Oregon Mozart Players, the Karin Clarke Gallery, the Eugene Symphony, Shelley and Cal James and their Agents of Unity Band for Cinderella: A Rock Opera Ballet, and the LA-based band Incendio.
The Academy of Ballet Fantastique teaches ballet classes for dancers ages 4–24, and also offers a separate Adult Ballet Program. The academy admits students of any race, color, and national or ethnic origin.
In the Professional Training Division, dancers age 9 and up study the Vaganova Method of training in limited class sizes of six students or fewer. Artistic Director Donna Marisa Bontrager works directly with every Professional Division student in his or her training.
The Young Dancer Program at The Academy of Ballet Fantastique is for dancers age 4-8, and follows a progressive training approach as well, while introducing young children to creative movement, music education, and fundamentals of ballet.
Students participate in professional performances with the company, and may audition for company positions and apprenticeships upon graduation. Academy of Ballet Fantastique coaches are experienced in the Vaganova method of training as well as in pedagogy and professional performance.
Ballet Fantastique’s busy outreach programming includes scholarships for dancers in financial need, free tickets for youth to attend concerts, in-school integrated arts residencies, and school assembly performances.
Ballet Fantastique became an Oregon non-profit in 2003 and earned 501(c)(3) non-profit status in 2006. The organization was established to bring dance training, performance opportunities and performances to the Lane County area. The company's first performance at the Hult Center was Danse Renaissance in June 2003. On October 30, 2010, Ballet Fantastique opened its highly visible City Center for Dance at 960 Oak Street, funded largely by a grant from the Meyer Memorial Trust.
Selected list of new works created and choreographed by Donna and Hannah Bontrager for Ballet Fantastique:

</doc>
<doc id="14646684" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14646684" title="Ammunition Design Group">
Ammunition Design Group

Ammunition is a San Francisco, CA based design studio led by partners Robert Brunner, Matt Rolandson, and Brett Wickens. The company designs hardware, software, and graphic identities for many companies, including Adobe Systems, Beats by Dre, Polaroid Corporation, and Square, Inc.
Ammunition has been recognized with numerous international design awards from the Industrial Designers Society of America, Red Dot, Core77 Design Awards, D&AD, and the Good Design Awards (Chicago).
Ammunition developed the industrial design, user interface and accessory system for the Barnes & Noble Nook e-readers.
In May 2014, China based Smartisan Technology Co Ltd introduced its first smartphone – Smartisan T1, which is also a project of Ammunition and Robert Brunner. Smartisan T1 is a smartphone that runs on Smartisan OS that is based on Android.

</doc>
<doc id="14647656" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14647656" title="NH Hotel Group">
NH Hotel Group

NH Hotel Group (officially NH Hotel Group SA, ) is a Spanish-based hotel chain headquartered in Madrid. NH offers moderately priced and modernly-furnished hotel rooms and lobbies, located primarily in Europe and Latin America. NH Hotel Group ranks third in the European ranking for business hotels. The group has 380 hotels in 29 countries with over 53,000 rooms. In 2016, China becomes the 30th country that NH Hotel Group enter. It expects to open two hotels in Haikou and Sanya in the second half of 2016. It has 54 projects for new hotels under construction, which would add almost 8,000 new rooms.
NH Hotel Group is listed on the Madrid Stock Exchange, where it is a member of the Madrid Stock Exchange General Index, and is also quoted on the New York Stock Exchange (OTC Market).
NH ("Navarra Hotels", named after the region in Spain) was founded in 1978 by Antonio Catalan. Throughout the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s, it made a series of acquisitions (Jolly in Italy, Krasnapolsky in the Netherlands, Astron in Germany) which increased its size to close to 400 hotels.
The company was severely affected by the economic crisis and changed top management often: Gabriele Burgio (now Alpitour), Mariano Pérez Claver (ex Bankia) and Federico González Tejera (now Carlson). The latter managed to steer the company throughout a strategic plan.

</doc>
<doc id="14647888" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14647888" title="Penn Club of New York City">
Penn Club of New York City

The Penn Club of New York (usually referred to as The Penn Club) is a private club located in Midtown Manhattan, within New York City, New York, United States. Its membership is restricted almost entirely to students, alumni, and faculty of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Its clubhouse is a fourteen-story building located on West 44th Street between Fifth Avenue and Sixth Avenue. Originally occupied by the Yale Club of New York City, the building is registered on the National Register of Historic Places.
In November 1886, the first local group of University of Pennsylvania alumni outside of Philadelphia was formed in New York at a dinner at Delmonico's Restaurant. At the alumni group's annual banquet at The Waldorf-Astoria Hotel in January, 1900, they presented a plan to secure "a convenient suite of rooms in the middle of the city, adjacent to a cafe." Thereafter, on October 6, 1900, the University of Pennsylvania's Club of New York opened in four ground-floor rooms in the Royalton Hotel, just west of today's clubhouse. The Penn Club soon had more than 150 members at a time when only 400 alumni lived in the New York area. The Penn Club received its charter from the New York Legislature in 1901.
In 1905, the Club moved to "new and commodious quarters" in the Hotel Stanley at 124 West 47th Street, where it remained until 1910. Between 1911 and 1922, however, the Club did away with a clubhouse, instead focusing on their annual banquet. In 1922, after a three-year search, the Club's directors leased two townhouses on East 50th Street, next to what today is the New York Palace Hotel.
Throughout the 1920s, the Penn Club on East 50th Street was active and successful. Its dining and guest rooms were regularly filled and its dinners and programs were highly attended. The Great Depression, though, quickly hit the Club hard, and it vacated its townhouses in 1935. Thereafter, it shared space in the Cornell Club on East 38th Street, moved to two other clubs, and finally settled in the Phi Gamma Delta Club on West 56th Street, where it remained until 1961, when it moved to the Biltmore Hotel. The Club stayed in the Biltmore Hotel until the hotel was gutted and made an office tower in 1981 by Paul Milstein. After two years of construction, the Club moved to its current location.
Membership in the Penn Club is restricted to alumni, faculty, full-time staff, and students over the age of 21 of the University of Pennsylvania, as well as alumni of a short list of affiliated schools, including Brandeis University, MIT, the University of Chicago, Gettysburg College, Vanderbilt University, Johns Hopkins University, Franklin & Marshall College, the University of Vermont, and the University of Richmond. The Club offers legacy memberships to spouses, parents, grandparents, children, grandchildren and siblings of University of Pennsylvania-affiliated members.
All members enjoy full use of the clubhouse facilities and its services, except for the gymnasium for which the Club outsources the operations and charges additional fees. The club includes two bars, two restaurants, five banquet/meeting rooms, 39 guestrooms, a business center, and massage and athletic facilities. The main dining room, with striking murals of historic Philadelphia, recently closed to members and is now used primarily as a for-rent banquet facility. Members may use the squash courts at the Yale Club of New York City. Members also have access to more than 150 reciprocal private clubs worldwide.
Today, the Penn Club has more than 5,000 members around the world.
The Penn Club is controlled by its members and managed by third parties, although The University of Pennsylvania owns the clubhouse building and leases it to the Club. The Club is a 501(c)7 not-for-profit entity.

</doc>
<doc id="14649288" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14649288" title="APM Terminals">
APM Terminals

APM Terminals is an international container terminal operating company headquartered in The Hague, Netherlands. It is one of the world's largest port and terminal operators as well as providing cargo support and container Inland Services, and is the largest port and terminal operating company in terms of overall geographic scope. It operates 73 port and terminal facilities in 39 countries on five continents, with eight new port projects in development, as well as 140 Inland Services operations providing container transportation, management, maintenance and repair in 39 countries, for an overall global presence of 69 countries. 
APM Terminals generated profit of USD $4.17 billion in 2016, with a Return on Invested Capital (ROIC) of 5.7%, with lower profit in commercially challenged
terminals in Latin America, North-West Europe and Africa as a consequence of liner network changes and weak underlying markets. The number of containers handled by APM Terminals (weighted by APM Terminals’ ownership interest) increased by 3.7% compared with 2015, to 37.3 million TEUs, boosted by the acquisition of the Grup Maritime TCB portfolio in March 2016. Adjusting for TCB as well as terminals divested in 2015, like-for-like volumes increased 1%, driven by hub terminals and terminals in North Asia and Southeast Asia.
APM Terminals acquired eight out of 11 terminals from the Spanish Grup Marítim TCB’s (TCB) port and rail interests. The acquisition added a combined 2 million TEU equity-weighted volume to APM Terminals, expanding the network to 73 operating ports in 69 countries. Concluding the TCB transaction with the three initially carved out terminals in Turkey and on the Canary Islands is subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions precedent, which not all of which have yet been satisfied.
APM Terminals launched the project to build a new five million TEU capacity terminal in Tangier, Morocco, which is set to become operational in 2019. APM Terminals MedPort Tangier will have up to 2,000 meters of quay and will increase the Tangier Med complex’s overall capacity to over nine million TEUs. APM Terminals initiated the first phase of an upgrading and expansion program for Port Elizabeth, NJ, USA, for the terminal to handle larger vessels arriving via the expanded Panama Canal. APM Terminals signed a contract to extend the reach of ten Ship-to-Shore (STS) cranes at Pier 400 Los Angeles, California, America's busiest container port. The STS cranes will be able to accommodate Ultra-Large Container Ships of up to 20,000 TEU capacity.
APM Terminals has concluded agreements with China COSCO Shipping Ports and Qingdao Port International Development to divest a minority of the existing reefer terminal and the new terminal under construction in Vado, Italy. After completing the transaction, APM Terminals will retain a 50.1% share and will operate both terminals. APM Terminals has entered into an agreement to divest Pentalver, the UK based provider of container transport and other container related services. The sales price is around USD $100 million, resulting in a minor gain. The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to be finalised in in the first quarter of 2017.
Financial Performance
APM Terminals earned a profit of USD $438 million (USD $654 million) in 2016 and an ROIC of 5.7% (10.9%). Operating business generated a profit of USD $487 million (USD $696 million) and an ROIC of 8.6% (12.7%) while projects under implementation together with Grup Marítim TCB (TCB) had a loss of USD $49 million (loss of USD $42 million) stemming from start-up costs. Cash flow from operating activities was USD $819 million (USD $874 million). Cash flow used for capital expenditure was USD $1.5 billion (USD
$774 million), mainly due to the TCB acquisition.
The company's history in terminal operations began a half century ago with the first A.P. Moller facility, which opened in Brooklyn, in the Port of New York in 1958 to handle general cargoes. In 1975 the group established the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey's first dedicated container terminal, at Berth 51 at Port Elizabeth, New Jersey.
APM Terminals was established as an independent terminal operating company within the Copenhagen, Denmark-based Maersk Group in 2001. In 2004, APM Terminals moved its headquarters to The Hague, Netherlands. Today the company provides services to more than 60 shipping lines with an integrated Global Port, Terminal and Inland Services Network with interests in 73 operating port facilities, with eight in development, and 140 cargo support service operations representing a global presence in 69 countries on five continents.
2016
APM Terminals Buenos Aires, operator of the Terminal 4 facility in Argentina’s primary port, was named winner of the first annual “Innovation in Safety Award”, by ICHCA International, the independent organization dedicated to improving the safety, productivity and efficiency of cargo handling and transportation.
2015
APM Terminals was named winner of the 2015 “Port Operator Award” at the Lloyd’s List North American Maritime Awards, in Houston, Texas.
APM Terminals Rotterdam Maasvlakte II was named winner of the Containerisation International 2015 “Innovation of the Year” Award at the Annual Containerisation International Awards luncheon, in London.
APM Terminals Mumbai, was once again named winner of the All India Maritime & Logistics Awards “Container Terminal of the Year” Award”.
APM Terminals Inland Services India was named winner of the Lloyd’s List Middle East and Indian Subcontinent Awards “Logistics Award”.
APM Terminals Pier 400 Los Angeles won two awards at the 66th Annual Pacific Maritime Association (PMA) Area Accident Prevention Committee Safety Awards for 2014. The first award was the PMA Coast Accident Prevention Awards ceremony in the category of Terminal Operations, Group A, (over one million man-hours worked) for the best Safety Performance achieved in 2014 in all operations at US West Coast ports. This is the sixth year out of the last eight that APM Terminals’ Los Angeles facility has received this award. APM Terminals Pier 400 also won the Southern California Area Container Terminal Safety Award for Group A category terminals.
APM Terminals Apapa named the “Most Environmentally Conscious Port Operator at the Lagos Port Complex” by the Nigerian Port Authority’s Environment Department of the Health, Safety and Environment Division, in recognition of the company’s achievements in the area of terminal safety culture and operating practices in Nigeria’s primary port city.
2014
APM Terminals India’s Chennai CFS facility was named winner of the 2013 Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) Excellence Award by the Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) for the implementation of EHS Best Practices.
APM Terminals Inland Services South Asia was named winner of the “Excellence in Inland Container Logistics for Manufacturing Sector” award at the 3rd Annual Asia Manufacturing and Supply Chain Awards, presented at the Asia Manufacturing Supply Chain Summit in Mumbai.
2013
APM Terminals was named winner of the Lloyd’s List Asia Awards 2013 “Port Operator Award” in recognition of maintaining “the highest standards of operational efficiency and customer service throughout the year” among port and terminal operators in the Far East.
APM Terminals was once again named “International Terminal Operator of the Year” at the Containerisation International 2013 Awards, for the second consecutive year. APM Terminals’ “ongoing investment programs at its terminals and its ability to implement and adapt very effectively global safety, security and environmental guidelines at the local level” were cited by the judging panel in the win, as well as APM Terminals’ Global Terminal Network’s “success in combining development with continuous improvements in its CSR and environmental policies”.
APM Terminals India Pvt. Ltd. was named “Best Inland Services Provider” for 2013 at the 7th Annual Express, Logistics & Supply Chain Leadership Awards in Mumbai, India in September, in the “Service Excellence” category of the program.
APM Terminals Mumbai was named “Container Terminal Operator of the Year (Specific)” for 2013 at the 4th Annual All-India Maritime and Logistics Awards (MALA) on September 6, in Mumbai. The award was presented on the basis of operational performance, year-on-year volume growth, IT efficiency, the use of advanced technology, and customer satisfaction.
APM Terminals Pipavav was named winner of the “Port/Terminal Operator of the Year- Health, Safety and Quality Award” for 2013 at the 4th Annual All-India Maritime and Logistics Awards (MALA). The criteria for the award include facility investment in health and safety measures, and external industry certification.
APM Terminals India’s Chennai CFS was named co-winner of the 2013 Container Freight Station of the Year Award-(Private) at the 5th Annual Exim India South East Cargo & Logistics Awards, held in Chennai, India on July 19. The award recognizes APM Terminals Chennai’s efforts in promoting trade through creation of modern facilities and infrastructure, and the achievement of high standards of efficiency and productivity during 2012.
APM Terminals India’s Chennai CFS was named co-winner of the 2013 Container Freight Station of the Year Award-(Private) at the 5th Annual Exim India South East Cargo & Logistics Awards, held in Chennai, India on July 19. The award recognizes APM Terminals Chennai’s efforts in promoting trade through creation of modern facilities and infrastructure, and the achievement of high standards of efficiency and productivity during 2012.
APM Terminals Inland Services Mumbai Container Freight Station (CFS) was selected by Volkswagen India to receive its annual “Supplier Appreciation Award” for excellent performance during 2011-2012. The award is in recognition of the Inland Services operation’s help in achieving Volkswagen’s targeted logistics chain performance levels for the 110,000 vehicle capacity Chakan auto manufacturing facility near Pune, in the State of Maharashtra.
National Quality Award (Morocco)
APM Terminals Tangier was named winner of the 2012 National Quality Award organized by Morocco’s Ministry of Industry, Trade and New Technologies. This 15th annual Quality Award ceremony was held in the Moroccan capital of Rabat, with the participation of the Moroccan Union for Quality (UMAQ). The mission of the UMAQ includes the responsibility to “promote the quality of goods and services in all sectors of the national economy”.
APM Terminals Tangier was named “Best Employer in Morocco” on January 21 at the second annual Best Employer Award sponsored by business consultant Lycom in collaboration with Morocco’s Ministry of Education and Professional Training, the Global Confederation of Moroccan Companies (CGEM), and the American Chamber of Commerce in Morocco, and the Best Companies Group.
New Developments
Expansions and Upgrades of Existing Facilities
APM Terminals’ sustainability initiatives and performance are divided into four core areas: Health, Safety and Security; Environment; Responsible Business; and Social Responsibility. Significant gains or new major initiatives have been achieved or implemented in each performance category.
The combined Lost-Time Injury Frequency (LTIF) rate for terminal and inland services operations declined by 22% in 2014 to 1.41 per million man-hours worked. APM Terminals Pier 400 Los Angeles won two awards at the 66th Annual Pacific Maritime Association (PMA) Area Accident Prevention Committee Safety Awards banquet at the Port of Long Beach on March 5, 2015. The first award was the PMA Coast Accident Prevention Awards ceremony in the category of Terminal Operations, Group A, for the best Safety Performance achieved in 2014 in all operations at US West Coast ports. This is the sixth year out of the last eight that APM Terminals’ Los Angeles facility has received this award. APM Terminals Pier 400 also won the Southern California Area Container Terminal Safety Award for Group A.
In 2017, we continue to work to improve our environmental performance specifically and to develop global environmental standards and guidelines. In the area of greenhouse gases and other emissions, APM Terminals has set a goal of a 25% reduction in CO2 output, as measured from the base year of 2010. APM Terminals signed a two-year, €5 million (US$6.23 million) contract with Amsterdam-based NV Nuon Energy for the supply of environmentally sustainable wind-generated electricity to power the new APM Terminals Maasvlakte II cranes and container handling equipment. The new deep-water terminal, which was officially inaugurated in April 2015, is the world’s first container terminal to generate zero greenhouse gases and particulate emissions as compared with diesel-powered terminal machinery. The contract term began on January 1, 2015.
APM Terminals has embarked on a program to convert and retrofit more than 400 Rubber-Tire Gantry Cranes (RTGs) in use throughout the APM Terminals global port, terminal and inland services network to a combination electric and diesel power as a measure to reduce both costs and emission of carbon dioxide (CO2) from the current diesel-powered RTG fleet. 
RTGs, which are used to move loaded and unloaded containers at the terminals, are usually powered by diesel engines. The new power supply will be a combination of electricity and diesel, utilizing a busbar- a rail providing access to electrical power. Recent technological advances have made such a hybrid power option possible for RTGs.
The use of E-RTGs will reduce CO2 emissions by between 60-80% compared with conventional diesel-powered RTGs, which will result in overall terminal CO2 emissions decreasing by 20% per TEU handled. The retro-fitting of the majority of the existing 400 unit APM Terminals RTG fleet will eliminate 70,000 tons of CO2 emissions annually.

</doc>
<doc id="14652599" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14652599" title="Universal Publishers (Australia)">
Universal Publishers (Australia)

Universal Publishers produce the ubiquitous UBD-Gregory's street directories in Australia. The names of these publications have come to be used as a generic term for street directories in many Australian cities.
Universal publishes street directories, guides, maps and road atlases and is Australia's largest mapping and travel related products publisher. The company distributes travel, language and cartographic ranges for Berlitz, Insight Guides, Michelin and Marco Polo
The above products were branded UBD prior to the 2012 editions when production of standalone Gregory's street directories ceased in favour of cobranded UBD-Gregory's directories retaining the UBD format, with the exception of the Darwin directory which is still published in Gregory's format. The last standalone Gregory's directory was the commemorative 75th Edition Sydney street directory, published in 2011.
While primarily street directories, UBD and Gregory's also contain details on public transport (train and light rail, tickets and prices), bicycle paths, suburb and postcode details, public parks and reserves, landmarks (such as commercial buildings, telephone boxes, pubs and restaurants), attractions, and also boat mooring details in recognised docks. They also contain maps of university campuses and crematoria. Prior to the UBD-Gregory's merger the UBD Compact street directories also contained a 'Cityside guide' with tourist information.
The rendering of roads in most city and town maps uses the traditional drawing of two lines with the road name printed in-between, (known as 'double casing'). In the UBD Melbourne directory maps show a single line with the name above or below the road to make it more appealing to people familiar with the Melway street directory. This mapping style is also used for road atlas maps and main road maps.

</doc>
<doc id="14657195" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14657195" title="Prime Restaurants">
Prime Restaurants

Prime Restaurants Inc. (formerly Prime Restaurant Royalty Income Fund) is a Canadian holding company, which operates the restaurant chains East Side Mario's, Tir Nan Og, Paddy Flaherty's, D'Arcy McGee's, Fionn MacCool's and Bier Markt.
Founded in Sudbury, Ontario, in 1980 as Yesac Creative Foods, the company became Prime Restaurants in 1989 when it merged with the Lime Rickey's chain based in Toronto.

</doc>
<doc id="14658284" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14658284" title="HeroCraft">
HeroCraft

HeroCraft is a Russian video game developer and publisher headquartered in Kaliningrad and with offices in Saint Petersburg, Krasnodar, Donetsk and Novokuznetsk.
HeroCraft develops for iOS, Android and Windows Phone devices as well as for Microsoft Windows and social networks and supports a variety of legacy platforms. Distribution takes place worldwide in 15 languages. HeroCraft has "Top developer" status on Google Play.
HeroCraft is now concentrating on development of "" and "Tempest".
" was announced on August 16, 2013. It is a fusion of turn-based tactical combat and collectable cards. The game is being developed in close co-operation with Games Workshop. The game’s music is composed by Cris Velasco.
" was released on iOS on October 28, 2014 and on Android on July 16, 2015.
' is a real-time strategy game developed and published by HeroCraft. The game was released on 10 December 2010 and supported iOS, Android and Windows Phone. In December 2011, HeroCraft released the sequel, '.
HeroCraft's portfolio comprises over 100 games from an array of genres, from simple games for a casual gaming audience to complex sim, strategy and role-playing games. HeroCraft games are published both under original IP and with branded licenses.

</doc>
<doc id="14658954" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14658954" title="DTZ">
DTZ

Debenham Thouard Zadelhoff, known as DTZ, was a European joint venture originated from UK, France and Germany, operating as a commercial real estate services firm.
On September 1, 2015, Cushman & Wakefield and DTZ merged. The firm now operates under the Cushman & Wakefield brand and has a new visual identity and logo. The new Cushman & Wakefield is majority owned by an investor group led by TPG, PAG, and OTPP.
1784<br> 
DTZ founding predecessor firm, Chesshire Gibson, established in Birmingham, UK.
1853<br> 
Beginnings in London with second predecessor Debenham and Tewson.
1987<br> 
Listed on the London stock exchange as Debenham, Tewson & Chinnocks.
1993<br> 
A European joint venture and creation on a new entity with Jean Thouard of France, and the Zadelhoff Group in Germany and the Netherlands, creates the DTZ brand.
1999<br> 
The DTZ brand extends into Asia with partners CY Leung & Co and Edmund Tie & Co in Singapore.
DTZ’s French subsidiary acquired a majority shareholding in DTZ Asset Management, France.
2004 - 2008<br>
DTZ opened of offices in India and Bahrain and its continued expansion into China. These years saw global growth across India, the Middle East, China, the United Kingdom, Canada and the US.
2011<br>
In December 2011, the parent company DTZ Holdings was placed into administration and its business entities were sold to UGL in order to repay 77.5m of an outstanding 106m debt owed to Royal Bank of Scotland and its shareholders equity was wiped out after a deal with its majority shareholder Saint George Participations and BNP Paribas Real Estate fell through. the company was reportedly worth almost 500m around 2006. The company was in financial difficulty after a spending spree prior to financial crisis buying Rockwood in the US and retail agent Donaldsons. 
Australia engineering firm UGL Limited acquires the trading operations of DTZ and combines its property services firms: Singapore facilities management firm UGL-Premas, US corporate real estate firm UGL-Equis, Americas facilities services firm UGL-Unicco, Australia, New Zealand and Middle East facilities management and real estate companies UGL Services.
2012<br>
UGL’s property services companies were integrated and rebranded to DTZ; expanding its global presence to 52 countries.
Moves global headquarters from London to US.
2014<br>
UGL sold DTZ to a private equity consortium comprising TPG Capital (TPG), PAG Asia Capital (PAG) and Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan (OTPP).
On December 31, 2014, the TPG Consortium purchases US commercial real estate firm Cassidy Turley, adding 4,000 employees and 900 brokers. The new DTZ now has more than 28,000 employees in more than 260 offices in 50 countries.
2015<br>
On May 11, 2015, DTZ announced the purchase of Cushman and Wakefield. When the deal closes, the expected combined employee count will be 43,000.
On September 1, 2015, DTZ merged with Cushman & Wakefield. Cushman & Wakefield is among the largest commercial real estate services firms with revenue of $5 billion. The firm operates in more than 60 countries and has 43,000+ employees.

</doc>
<doc id="14659347" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14659347" title="China Overseas Land and Investment">
China Overseas Land and Investment

China Overseas Land and Investment Limited (Traditional Chinese:中國海外發展有限公司, Simplified Chinese: 中国海外发展有限公司), "China Overseas" or "COLI" in short form and the subsidiary of China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited, was incorporated in Hong Kong in June 1979. It is engaged in construction and contracting, property development and infrastructure investment, with operations currently in Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China.
China Overseas was listed in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as a red chip stock in August 1992.
In July 2005, it spun off its construction business and formed China State Construction International Holdings Limited ("CSCI"), which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
On 10 December 2007, it was selected to be a Hang Seng Index Constituent Stock (blue chip).
China Overseas Land and Investment operates in four segments: property development, which is engaged in the development and sales of properties; property investment, which is engaged in property letting; infrastructure, which is engaged in the investments in entities undertaking toll highways, and other operations, which is engaged in property management, property agency, logistics operations, building design consultancy services, supply of heat and electricity and securities trading.
China Overseas Land and Investment’s property development, property investment and other activities are carried out in Hong Kong, Macau and regions in the Peoples Republic of China other than Hong Kong and Macau. All infrastructure project investments are located in the Peoples Republic of China. On November 28, 2008, the Company disposed Value Idea Investments Limited.

</doc>
<doc id="14659736" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14659736" title="Kcell">
Kcell

Kcell is one of the three licensed GSM mobile network operators in Kazakhstan. Beeline and Tele2 are the other license holders. It is operated by GSM Kazakhstan Ltd. under Kcell, Activ and Vegaline trademarks. As of the third quarter of 2011, K-Cell had over 10 million subscribers.
In December 2012, Kcell announced an initial public offering (IPO) which consists of a sale by Sonera Holding B.V., a wholly owned subsidiary of TeliaSonera, of 50 million of the Company’s common shares, including common shares represented by the global depositary receipts, representing 25% of the Company’s share capital. In 2012, the outstanding share capital of the Company consists of 200 million common shares.

</doc>
<doc id="14663935" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14663935" title="Wardrop Engineering Inc.">
Wardrop Engineering Inc.

Les Wardrop started Wardrop Engineering Inc. in 1955 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Initial projects consisting primarily of public works engineering and residential subdivision servicing. Building upon early successes, Wardrop opened a second office in Port Arthur (now Thunder Bay), Ontario, Canada in 1956.
The 1960s saw Wardrop embark upon expansion, diversification and quality. By this time, Wardrop expanded its engineering disciplines to include civil, mechanical, structural, and electrical, with established offices in Winnipeg, Thunder Bay, and Regina. It was in the Winnipeg office, where the firm first started working in the Canadian nuclear industry.
The 1970s were a time of growth and maturity. Wardrop launched projects in West Africa and the International Division was created. At the same time, a branch office was established in Edmonton and assignments across Canada grew to include pulp and paper, and solar energy.
Computerization and advanced technology were the thrust of the 1980s. Wardrop expanded to Toronto, and opened an office to pursue nuclear waste management, fusion energy, environmental challenges, and the aerospace industry. Along the way, the firm changed its name to Wardrop Engineering Inc. To meet the changing needs of the marketplace, Wardrop Applied Systems Inc. was formed to accommodate the development of new prototype designs for industrial applications.
The 1990s was a decade of sustainable development, space stations, re-engineering, and an explosion of computer software design tools for real-time industrial process control and information management. The quality and delivery of Wardrop's products were enhanced through advanced in-house management systems, once thought impossible. A Saskatoon office and three new Wardrop companies were launched.
Wardrop was named one of Canada's Top 100 Employers, as published in Maclean's magazine, for the years 2003, 2004, 2006 2007, and 2008, and also one of Canada's Top 20 Best Employers for New Canadians for the year of 2008.
In January 2009, Tetra Tech acquired Wardrop, expanding the Tetra Tech team to more than 10,000 staff.
Wardrop had several divisions:

</doc>
<doc id="14665244" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14665244" title="Michael Jordan's Steakhouse">
Michael Jordan's Steakhouse

Michael Jordan Steakhouse, founded by retired American basketball player Michael Jordan, is a fine-dining restaurant in Grand Central Terminal, New York City, New York. There are also Michael Jordan Steakhouses in Connecticut and Chicago.
Designed by David Rockwell, the restaurant is run by the Glazier family, a couple who own multiple food establishments and occupies a space, seating 210. The restaurant has no sports memorabilia, but instead focuses on "Michael Jordan the businessman."
The company has a line of USDA Prime Steaks, sauces, condiments, grillware and collectibles, under the Michael Jordan Steaks brand. The steaks can be ordered on their website and shipped directly to customers nationwide.

</doc>
<doc id="14665255" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14665255" title="Cotton Corporation of India">
Cotton Corporation of India

The Cotton Corporation of India Limited or CCI is a Government of India agency, engaged in diverse activities related to trade, procurement, and export of cotton. CCI is a public sector agency responsible for equitable distribution of cotton among the different constituents of the industry and aid imports of cotton. It was incorporated on July 31, 1970 under the Companies Act 1956.
CCI is governed by Textile Policy 1985 issued by the Ministry of Textiles, Government of India.

</doc>
<doc id="14667819" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14667819" title="Targanta Therapeutics Corporation">
Targanta Therapeutics Corporation

Targanta Therapeutics Corporation was a biopharmaceutical company headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The company also had operations in Indianapolis, Montreal and Toronto. Targanta completed its initial public offering on October 9, 2007 and trades on the Nasdaq market under the symbol: TARG. Targanta was acquired by The Medicines Company in 2009.
Targanta’s lead product candidate was oritavancin, a novel, semi-synthetic glycopeptide antibiotic being developed to treat serious Gram-positive infections in the hospital and other institutional settings. Oritavancin was originally discovered and developed by Eli Lilly; Targanta acquired worldwide rights to oritavancin from InterMune in late 2005. Data presented at the 47th Annual Interscience Conference on Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy (ICAAC) in September 2007 demonstrated that oritavancin possesses potent and rapid bactericidal activity "in vitro" against a broad spectrum of both resistant and susceptible Gram-positive bacteria, including Staphylococcus aureus, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus, Enterococci, Clostridium difficile and Streptococci. Results have been presented but not yet published from two pivotal Phase 3 clinical trials testing the efficacy of oritavancin for the treatment of Complicated skin and skin-structure infections (cSSSI) caused by Gram-positive bacteria. The primary endpoints of both studies were successfully met, with oritavancin achieving efficacy with fewer days of therapy than the comparator agents (vancomycin followed by cephalexin). In addition, oritavancin showed a significantly improved safety profile with a 19.2 percent relative reduction in the overall incidence of adverse events versus vancomycin/cephalexin (p<0.001) in the second and larger pivotal trial.
Targanta also developed a novel drug discovery platform to generate molecules that deliver antibiotics directly to the bone. Also at the 47th ICAAC meeting in September 2007, Targanta presented the first "in vivo" pre-clinical data on candidates from this program, demonstrating efficacy of its rifabutin-bisphosphonate prodrug (TT99000647) in a rabbit osteomyelitis model.

</doc>
<doc id="14668813" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14668813" title="The Royal Canadian Pancake Houses">
The Royal Canadian Pancake Houses

The Royal Canadian Pancake Houses were moderately priced gourmet pancake houses in New York City and in the South Beach area of Miami Beach, Florida..
The Royal Canadian Pancake Houses were owned by Royal Canadian Foods Corp, a Delaware corporation. The first outlet opened in Tribeca in New York City in 1989. It was followed by the opening of a second location in Midtown Manhattan. In November 1993, the founders, Sheldon Golumbia and Beatrice Puja, took it public with a micro public offering of 250,000 shares of common stock at a sale price of $5.00/share.
Subsequently, two more locations were opened in NYC, in the Upper West Side and Gramercy. In Miami Beach, Florida, Royal Canadian Foods' also opened a Royal Canadian Pancake House and a Womlette House, featuring “womlettes” (an omelet with a waffle base).
In the fall of 1998, Royal Canadian Foods closed all of their outlets.

</doc>
<doc id="14670160" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14670160" title="The Mall Group">
The Mall Group

The Mall Group (Thai: เดอะมอลล์กรุ๊ป) is one of Thailand's largest mall operators. Its main rival is the Central Group. The Mall's brands include "The Mall", Emporium, Paragon, Power Mall, Gourmet Market, The Mall SkyPORT, EmQuartier, EmSphere and BLÚPORT.

</doc>
<doc id="14670799" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14670799" title="Eat Sleep Play">
Eat Sleep Play

Eat Sleep Play, Inc. is an American video game developer, formed by Scott Campbell and David Jaffe, director of the Twisted Metal series and "God of War". Eat Sleep Play entered into an exclusive platform deal with Sony requiring the completion of either three console/handheld games or three years of development time, with plans to release its first original game in 2010. The first game released by Eat Sleep Play was a port of the PSP game "" that was retitled as "Twisted Metal Head-On: Extra Twisted Edition" for PlayStation 2 and was not one of the three game console exclusive deal.
Following his work on Sony Computer Entertainment Santa Monica's "God of War" (PS2), Scott and Jaffe expressed a desire to focus on smaller-scale, more personal games. They then directed the PlayStation Network game "Calling All Cars!" (PS3), developed by Incognito.
The company is stationed in Salt Lake City, Utah, USA. The team is largely composed of original members of SingleTrac who made the first two Twisted Metal games.
During E3 2010 Scott and Jaffe announced the new Twisted Metal game that their team was working on at Eat Sleep Play. The announcement can be read over at the PlayStation Blog.
Since Jaffe's resignation in 2012, Eat Sleep Play has moved into mobile game development. In partnership with Zynga the companies have released "Running With Friends", "Looney Tunes Dash!", and most recently "Ice Age Arctic Blast".

</doc>
<doc id="14671886" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14671886" title="Carmeuse">
Carmeuse

Carmeuse is a Belgian mining company which produces lime and limestone. The Carmeuse Group has production facilities in Europe, North America and Africa. Its head office is located in Louvain-la-Neuve and the company Chief Executive Officer is Rodolphe Collinet
The company was founded in 1860 in the city of Liège. Over the years the company expanded across Western Europe into Italy, France and the Netherlands, Central Europe and Eastern Europe into Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Romania, Bosnia and Turkey and North America into the United States and Canada and also in Africa and Asia.
Lime products are used in multiple aspects of our everyday life. Carmeuse has developed many applications for industrial uses (steel, non-ferrous, chemicals, paintings, paper, carpets), for the agro-food industry (human food and animal feed), for the building industry (plasters and mortars, aerated autoclave concrete, calcium silicate bricks, ...) and for environment applications (water and sludge treatment, flue-gas desulfurization).
Total consolidated group net turnover amounted to:
October 2007 - In a friendly deal with its partner, the Carmeuse Group takes over the control of Ozture Kimtas in Turkey
October 2007 - Carmeuse has been selected as the winning bidder for Oglebay Norton
September 2016 - Carmeuse signs its entry into South East Asia

</doc>
<doc id="14672867" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14672867" title="Associated Weavers">
Associated Weavers

Associated Weavers International Group is currently a Belgian textile manufacturing company. The company head office and production plant is located in Ronse.
The company with the name 'Associated Weavers' was founded in Bradford, West Yorkshire, England and run by the Abrahams family. By the early 1970s the site in Tong employed 2,500 people and was the world's largest producer of Axminster woven carpets and Europe's largest producer of tufted printed carpets. At that time the company was principally led by managing director Jack Collins, commercial director David Croft and the marketing and design director Michael Kelly.
In 1964, the American carpet manufacturer Trend Mills started producing carpet in Ronse, Belgium.
In 1969, an American concern Champion International takes over the plant in Ronse and in 1973 the British Associated Weavers in Bradford. The production of tufted broadloom carpet was moved to the location in Ronse. Despite the fact that, at one time, the company produced one in seven of all carpets bought in the UK it was not a widely known brand-name.
Due to a rapid contraction of the UK carpet sector the Bradford site was sold in the early 1980s and in 1984 Champion International decided to withdraw from the carpet industry altogether. The result is a management buy-out, in 1984, followed by the establishment of the holding company 'Associated Weavers International'.
In 1990 the company acquired Prado, which was founded in 1909 as "Tissage Van de Wiele" as a weaving mill for furnishing fabrics, Prado makes both woven and tufted wall-to-wall carpet and rugs.
In 1997 the company registered on the Brussels Stock Exchange as the first Belgian carpet manufacturer.
In 1998 the company acquired a factory in Liberec, Czech Republic for mainly labour intensive work such as finishing carpets and rugs.
In 2001 it took over the French company, Balsan, specialised in broadloom carpet for contract applications such as hotels, public buildings, schools, etc.
Since 2010, Associated Weavers International, is part of Belgotex International Group.
Associated Weavers had been pursuing for years a volume strategy in the medium-low segment of the market and was seeking in vain to achieve satisfying business results.
The strategy was adjusted by a heavy emphasis on the development of trendy, value-for-money products brought into market via innovative marketing concepts. Investments were made in a complete rebranding, with the new logo integrating the tagline “Carpet your life” as the prime feature.
The slogan “Carpet your life” is no less than an invitation to the end consumer to choose a carpet from among a series of new collections offered in an inviting “Butterfly” display per colour, based on five universal life styles.

</doc>
<doc id="14673013" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14673013" title="Puzzy Power">
Puzzy Power

Puzzy Power (aka HotMale) is a Danish film company started in 1997 as a subsidiary to Lars von Trier's company Zentropa, with the goal of producing hardcore pornographic films for women. It is the only time ever a mainstream film company has openly produced hardcore pornographic films.
The initiative was taken by producer Lene Børglum, who as leader of Puzzy Power gathered a group of women (sexologist Gerd Winther, editor Lili Henriksen, porn model and journalist Christina Lohse, line-producer Vibeke Windeløv and production assistant Mette Nelund) and developed a so-called "Statement on women and sensuality", later called The Puzzy Power Manifesto. The manifesto was shaped as a guide for the production of erotic films for women.
The first film produced by Puzzy Power was "Constance" (1998), directed by Knud Vesterskov with Katja Kean, Anaïs and Mark Duran in the leading roles. It tells the story of a young woman, Constance, who arrives at the experienced Lola's house, where she is initiated into the mysteries of sexuality. The story is told in flashback via a framing device with lyrical diary excerpts and narration read by mainstream actresses Christiane Bjørg Nielsen and Hella Joof.
The second film was "Pink Prison" (1999), directed by Lisbeth Lynghøft with Katja Kean and Mr. Marcus in the leads. It's about the photo journalist Mila, who infiltrates a men's penitentiary in hope of obtaining an exclusive interview with the prison warden. The film, which culminates in a lesbian scene with religious subtext, was filmed in the prison set from Lars von Triers film "Dancer in the Dark" (2000).
Both "Constance" and "Pink Prison" received international attention and became the best selling sex videos in Scandinavia. In 2001, "Constance" was nominated for three AVN Awards for Best Art Direction, Best Music and Best Videography. In 2003, "Pink Prison" won a Venus Award as Best Scandinavian Film. On March 12, 2006 pornography was legalized in Norway, following a case which involved a positive qualitative appraisal of "Constance" and "Pink Prison".
The third film was the gay feature "HotMen CoolBoyz" (2000), directed by Knud Vesterskov and starring Ron Athey and Billy Herrington. In this connection, the Puzzy Power company called itself HotMale. The film was no financial success, but was nominated for five GayVN Awards, including Best Foreign Film.
At the start of 2001, Zentropa's CEO Peter Aalbæk Jensen announced his intention to close Puzzy Power, which he claimed had been a financial disappointment. Both "Constance" and "Pink Prison" were however still ranking high on international sales lists, and soon after "HotMen CoolBoyz" was released as an international deluxe DVD-edition. Puzzy Power was not closed, but continued administrating the distribution and income of its three feature productions.
The task of producing new sex films for Zentropa went to a new subsidiary (later independent) company, Innocent Pictures. The two first productions from Innocent Pictures were the educational DVD "Femi-X and Beyond" (2004), directed by Nicolas Barbano with Joan Ørting as host, and the feature film "All About Anna" (2005), directed by Jessica Nilsson and starring Gry Bay and Mark Stevens. In spite of a difficult production, "All About Anna" became an even bigger success than both "Constance" and "Pink Prison".
The full story of Puzzy Power and Innocent Pictures is told in Thomas Vilhelm's book "Filmbyen" (Ekstra Bladets Forlag, 2007).

</doc>
<doc id="14674606" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14674606" title="Huntsworth">
Huntsworth

Huntsworth (LSE: HNT) is a public limited company headquartered in London and listed on the London Stock Exchange.
Huntsworth is an international healthcare communications and public relations group operating from 62 principal offices in 29 countries providing services to c.1,870 clients.
The group operates in the consumer, financial, public affairs, integrated healthcare and technology sectors and comprises four divisions being Huntsworth Health, Grayling, Citigate, and Red.
Huntsworth plc was formed in 2000.
In 2007 Evoke, Huntworth Health’s digital agency, was launched and Axis Healthcare was acquired.
In 2009 the Group undertook a major rebranding initiative focused around Citigate, Grayling, Huntsworth Health and Red.
In 2013 BlueFocus invested £36.5m in Huntsworth.
In 2015 Grayling launched new operations in Kenya and Huntsworth Health launched a new agency FirstHand. Paul Taaffe took over as Group CEO after Lord Chadlington stepped down.
In 2016 Huntsworth Health launched a new agency Traverse and Neil Jones became the Group’s new CFO.
The Group comprises four divisions being Huntsworth Health, Grayling, Citigate, and Red.
Huntsworth Health is a global family of communications agencies that provides an integrated suite of services for the science, health, and wellbeing industries.
Citigate is an international consultancy specialising in financial and corporate communications.
Grayling develops and manages reputations for a diverse range of organisations across multiple sectors including Consumer Brands, Technology, Energy, Healthcare, Financial Services, Transport & Logistics and Governments.
Red Consultancy is a multi-specialist, consumer-focused communications consultancy with capabilities across Corporate, Technology, Healthcare and Digital services.
Huntsworth plc is governed by a board of directors, whose current members include Derek Mapp, Paul Taaffe, Neil Jones, Andy Boland, Time Ryan, Nicky Dulieu and Pat Billingham.

</doc>
<doc id="14675317" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14675317" title="Rural King">
Rural King

Rural King Supply is a farm supply store based in Mattoon, Illinois, United States. Founded in 1960, it now has 105 stores in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Tennessee, Ohio, Michigan, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Virginia West Virginia, and North Carolina. The company also operates an online store. Rural King also offers an online gun store 
On June 5, 1960, Kermit Speer and Keith Beaird founded Rural King Supply in Mattoon. The original store was started in a former implement building of 7,200 square feet.
The company started with two employees, besides the owners. In 1963, an addition to the main building was added. In 1966, a warehouse was built, and in 1970, a second addition was added to the store.
A new building was finished and opened in September 1976. In 1999, a new store, warehouse and corporate office consisting of 210,000 square feet was opened across the highway from the old store. The old store and warehouse were donated to the Catholic Charities.
In 2003, a 94,000-square-foot addition was added to the warehouse. In 2007, another 96,000 square feet were added to the warehouse. In 2010, a third warehouse expansion was started that will add 104,000 square feet.
In 1962, Kermit and Keith opened another store in Paris, Ill., in an old packing house with eight rooms. In 1970, land was purchased across from the Edgar County Fairgrounds and the new Paris Rural King was constructed. In 2001, that building was torn down and the current 55,000-square-foot Paris Rural King was built. Paris was Kermit and Pat Speer's home for 15 years.
The Vandalia, Ill., Rural King was opened in 1966 in an old building on U.S. Highway 40 East. A new Rural King was built in November 1973 on Van Tran Avenue, which has been renamed Veterans Avenue. An addition to that building was completed in 1983.
In 1979, Gary Melvin, nephew of Kermit Speer, purchased an interest in Rural King. Gary began his career working in the store, learning the products and serving customers.
Bruce Speer, nephew of Kermit Speer, purchased an interest in Rural King in 1982, with the opening of the Litchfield, Ill., store. Bruce began his career as the manager of the Litchfield store. In 1985, he and his family moved to Terre Haute, Ind., where he opened and managed that store for five years. In 1990, Bruce moved to the Mattoon corporate office to help with purchasing and expansion of the Rural King stores.
In December 2015 Rural King announced they had reached, for the first time, $1 Billion in total sales.
Rural King sells work clothing and work boots, equine and pet supplies, live chicks and rabbits, hunting equipment and supplies, firearms and ammunition, tractor/trailer parts and accessories, lawn and garden supplies, sprinkler/irrigation parts, power tools, fencing, welding and pump supplies, riding mowers, agricultural chemicals and many other farm and home supplies. One of Rural King's notable sales tactics is offering free coffee and popcorn to guest visiting a store.

</doc>
<doc id="14676059" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14676059" title="Tracta">
Tracta

Tracta was a French car maker based in Asnières, Seine, that was active between 1926 and 1934. They were pioneers of front-wheel-drive vehicles.
The business was directed and cars were designed by the engineer Jean-Albert Grégoire, who controlled the business, with financial support from his friend Pierre Fenaille.
The cars were initially built in small numbers for competition use, but they were exhibited and offered for road use at the 1927 Paris Motor Show. They used a front-wheel-drive system featuring Grégoire's patented Tracta constant-velocity joint and sliding pillar independent front suspension and a live axle with quarter-elliptic leaf springs at the rear. 1100, 1200, 1500 and 1600 cc engines made by S.C.A.P. were available with optional Cozette supercharger. The 1500 cc car was claimed to reach 80 mph.
The first cars were made in a workshop in Versailles but Grégoire soon moved to a small factory in Asnières. After about 140 cars were made there came a change of engines with larger six-cylinder 2.7-litre units from Continental and 3- and 3.3-litre ones from Hotchkiss fitted in coupé and saloon-bodied road cars.
Three cars competed in the 1928 Le Mans 24 Hour race, including one driven by Grégoire (in partnership with) himself. All three finished, albeit well down the field. Tracta returned to Le Mans in 1929, now with four cars, three using supercharged 4-cylinder four-stroke engines and a fourth with an experimental two-stroke engine designed by the engineer Cozette (who at the time was better known as a designer of superchargers). Only two of the Tractas competing in 1929 completed the race, the two-stroke experimental car retiring after 43 laps. By 1930 only two Tractas appeared a Le Mans, but they did both finish.
The company failed to make money from car manufacture and production stopped in 1934. Grégoire kept the factory at Asnières and used it for his own design and engineering work. He would use it for the chassis and engine of his "Sports Cabriolet" in the mid 1950s, following his acrimonious break with Hotchkiss over the technically adventurous but commercially disastrous Hotchkiss Grégoire.
In 1955 Grégoire introduced an intriguing Sports Cabriolet prototype, with body by Chapron, front-drive and a 2188 cc supercharged ohv boxer engine ahead of the front wheels. Only four cars were built. In mechanical terms the car was closely based on the car Grégoire had developed for Hotchkiss in the late 1940s, but it featured a stylish new two-door body, constructed by Chapron.
It is not clear how seriously Grégoire contemplated selling the Sports Cabriolets exhibited in the 1950s, but they provided an impressive showcase for his engineering philosophy and talent. The car is generally described as the Grégoire Sports Cabriolet. Nevertheless, Grégoire had retained rights to the Tracta name. Two of the Sports Cabriolets produced turned up in October 1956 at the 43rd Paris Motor Show: one was exhibited on the Henri Chapron stand and the other on a small stand against the wall, positioned next to that of the British AC company, and the identified by the name "Grégoire (Tracta)". The car was listed by the manufacturer in 1956 at an eye-watering 3,500,000 francs, or rather more than the 2,869,000 francs quoted at the time for the much larger and more powerful Facel Vega FVS.

</doc>
<doc id="14676080" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=14676080" title="SP Chemicals">
SP Chemicals

SP Chemicals, a Singapore-based company is one of the largest ion-membrane chlor-alkali producer and aniline producer in the PRC. It was listed on the Main Board of SGX-ST on 6 August 2003.
SP Chemicals engages in the manufacture and sale of the chemical industry's basic building blocks - caustic soda, chlorine, hydrogen and its related downstream products. Their products are materials widely used in various applications across a diverse range of industries.
Products include: aniline, caustic soda, chlorine, chlorobenzene, nitrochlorobenzene, nitrobenzene, vinyl chloride monomer (VCM). To further drive its growth, SP Chemicals plans to invest approximately RMB1.1 billion in facilities for the production of styrene monomer, an intermediate raw chemical used in making polystyrene plastics, protective coatings, polyesters and resins.
SP Chemicals is planning to build an integrated petrochemical park of 1,300 hectares and a naphtha cracking plant in the Vietnam Petrochemical Industrial Park, with a production capacity of 800,000 tpa of ethylene annum to supply raw materials to their own facilities in the PRC, and Hoa Tam Petrochemical Park, and to a lesser extent for export.
This mammoth project is targeted to be completed within 15 years in 2 development phases:

</doc>
